# By the Lake #

I walked quickly back across the lobby and outside. Shepheard's Hotel
fronts on the lake. A wide promenade runs along the water at this
point. I walked around the lake until I found my favorite bench. It was
unoccupied. I sat down and stared out at the water, listening to the
gentle slap of the waves.

"What is Emily Dickinson not telling me and why?" I wondered. "Who
knows? How can I find out?"

It was a question I didn't have an answer to. The more I thought about
it, the more I realized Emily Dickinson was scared. He felt powerless
to change his situation and he knew it was going to kill him. But at
the bottom of his compulsive drinking wasn't just addiction. He was
smart enough to know that and even do something about it. AHis
assassination contract was large enough for him to leave the Pharaoh
Star System. So why was he still here slowly committing suicide?"

"What about the messages? Who can help me with those? Who is sending
them? How? Why?"

In the Pharaoh Star System, everyone is security conscious and everyone
either is or knows a hacker. I was out of touch from my long absence. My
security firm was quite reputable but it was not in their purview to
look at these messages and tell me where they came from and who sent
them. The police were woefully short on techniques and resources. Who
could I possibly contact? And then I knew.

I send a message to that boy I knew in school. He agreed to see me
right away.

I got up from the bench. At least there was someone else to talk
to. Eventually I would talk to the right person. That is what
investigating is all about&#x2013;finding the right person to talk to.
Someone always knows something. Given enough time, I would find out
what I needed to know. But something told me I was running out of time
and very quickly.

-&#x2014;
