# I Talk with Simon Parge #

The message I received on my link as I left Josh's was short and to
the point: You are missing many salient points. Come immediately. ASAP

Simon Parge is my mentor. He worked on the Ptolemy City police force for
many, many years, solving crimes and more important on Hypatia,
gaining the respect of the rich and famous, the service workers and the
pirates. He retired when his health failed. Although Aesculapius Medical
Center is one of the finest human beings operate, Simon Parge prefers to
sit in his chair and enjoy Mrs. Parge's cooking.

I had not called upon the Parges since my return to Ptolemy City.
Although shocked at my partnering with Captain Star Runner, Star won
Mrs. Parge's heart by happily sampling all of her cooking. Pantherans
dislike human food and ungenddered Pantherans like Star cannot digest it.

Simon trained my dad and then me and my brother in turn. He is the best
detective ever.

A summons to Pimlico is not to be ignored. I  grabbed a passing  camel caravan. I had the
larger vehicle all to myself. People from the Tenderloin do not
ordinarily travel to Pimlico at this time of night. The shifts at the
fancier places had already changed.

Pimlico is one of the areas where the service workers live. It is near
one of the dome walls, far from the Nile. (The outer ring of the dome,
except for the Fends, have many fashionable homes and hotels adjoining
the wall.

Mrs. Parge threw her arms around me when she answered the door.

"It is so good to see you, Ronnie," she said, "have you eaten?"

This is Mrs. Parge's greeting every time I com to visit. She is a thin
woman with lots of energy. She has always been this way. I have known
her all my life.

Mrs. Parge will say nothing about Captain Star Runner unless and until I
bring Star up. She respects my privacy. If I ever do want to talk about
this part of my life, Mrs. Parge will be an attentive listener, give
sage advice and zero in on what I am thinking and feeling. In her own
right, she is an excellent detective, too.

"Ronnie can eat later, Mrs. Parge," Simon boomed from the next room. "I
need to see her now."

"You better go in there," Mrs. Parge whispered. "He's been raging for
the last two days. I'll just go into the kitchen and fix something for
you to eat when you're finished."

With a certain amount of dread, I went into the next room. As expected,
Simon Parge sat in his anti-gravity wheelchair, dressed in a dressing
gown and red and blue carpet slippers. On an attached table sat his
tablet. He was ready to both ream me out and instruct me.

"Hello, Simon," I said as bravely and as carelessly as possible. "How
are you?"

"If you were interested in the answer to that question you would have
come here when you got back to Ptolemy City," Simon said. Another would
have characterized his response as a growl. Having heard Star growl for
real, I just call his way of speaking irritated.

I waited in silence for him to continue. Not playing into Simon's game
is part of the process of dealing with him. As the saying goes, his bark
is worse than his bite.

Oh, dear. I am mixing animal metaphors.

"Well, you might as well sit down and listen to what I have to say," he
said.

I did. This conversation was going to be okay. I could sit, not be
forced to stand.

"So why did you get involved with Kearsarge?" Simon demanded.

Why did I get involved? Simon values the truth. He will drill down to my
true reasons for taking the case if I do not tell him right away and his
drilling can be very painful.

"I thought she needed my help," I said. "She was very scared."

"And do you take in stray puppies and kittens, too?" Simon continued his
barrage.

Ouch. Was this a veiled reference to Star? I decided to ignore it.

"I was also intrigued," I said. "Nothing makes sense."

"And what are you doing to make sense of it?" Simon's grilling is
relentless.

"I have gotten some general information about Kearsarge and her dead
husband Samuel Cornelius Mudd. I have talked with Emily Dickinson who
Kearsarge contracted with to assassinate her husband and I have talked
with Josh Hardy about the source of the messages. I have sent a
request to the Fungusian Network to help with tracking the source of
the messages."

"And what did you learned?"

Simon was in rare form tonight. He would learn what I knew before
revealing what he knew. In this way he showed me up as ineffective.
Simon reveled in this form of information sharing.

Kearsarge is running in the marathon tomorrow," I began. "She refuses
any protection though she is receiving death threats. She contracted to
have her husband assassinated. They lived in a detached house on Dollar
Drive with direct access to the lake. She continues to live there and
has substantial financial resources. Josh cannot trace the messages
beyond the star system. And Samuel Mudd was a well-liked and competent
mine manager."

"Not much," Simon observed.

Long ago I learned not to rise to Simon's bate. He would tell me now
what he summoned me here to say.

"Emily Dickinson agreed to talk with you?"

This was new. Apparently Simon never had success engaging one of the top
assassins in the Pharaoh Star System.

"I know him slightly," I said. "He warned me off the case."

"Why?" Simon's question was sharp-edged.

"He wouldn't say," I said. "He knows something but he wasn't giving it
up. I covered his entire bar tab, which was substantial, but he kept
mum."

"Drinking will kill him," Simon muttered.

"I agree," I said. "He stopped briefly, but he didn't stay sober."

Simon did not answer immediately. When he did speak, he took a different
tact.

"So how are you going to get their background checks on Fair Haven?"

"I wasn't planning to do that," I said. "It's the messages that matter
and they are new. Mudd and Kearsarge haven't been on Fair Haven for
four years. Tracing the messages seemed my best option."

I was taking a risk but there was no help for it. I had chosen not to
request that information and Simon might think I was being lax or lazy
or just plain incompetent.

Simon was speechless. I had done something he only had not done, but had
not even imagined possible. I pressed my advantage.

"They were ones who had the information I need," I said, "so I reached
out to them. Kearsarge's money makes that possible, but I had the
contact."

My link popped up a message Josh marked very urgent. FN requesting my
Data. Sender verified. Sending.

"And where was your contact?" Simon asked, a bit more insistently than
necessary. He was still reeling from my coup.

"Josh is sending them the information they need to trace the messages.
We should hear from them shortly."

"And how did you penetrate the Fungusians Network?" Simon was now in
full drilling mode.

I put up my hand.

Down boy," I said. "Captain Star Runner's AI and ship are maintained by
the Fungusians Network. They built my link. I simply used their
contact form."

"The inimical Captain Star Runner," Simon said.

An awkward silence ensued.

"That was a good call, Veronica," Simon said with grudging admiration.
"If only half of what I hear is true,, about the mushrooms, you'll have
some topnotch information and a way through the neural net blockage.
That could be the key to everything."

"You need to let Ronnie eat something," Mrs. Parge said, coming to stand
in the doorway. "After she eats, you can continue interrogating her."

"I taught her everything she knows," Simon boasted to his wife. "And you
know what she has done?"

"I would have no idea," Mrs. Parge replied, knowing full well how this
game was played.

"She contacted the Fungusian Network and she has them eating out of her
hand, so to speak." Too late Simon realized the Fungusians would not eat
out of anyone's hand.

"Remarkable," Mrs. Parge replied.

I never knew if she understood what Simon was saying and more to the
point, if she cared. She was smart enough. Secretly, I believe she is
more clever than Simon, but she never lets on which is why they are such
a successful couple. Simon's ego is as big as he is.

The meal Mrs. Parge served me was the best I had eaten since my return
to Ptolemy City. I eat ravenously, exclaiming over every dish. Simon
remained in his chair in the other room, restless because of the
interruption.

"We'll wait to have dessert until you two finish," Mrs. Parge confided
in me. "It won't sit right in your stomach if Simon is lecturing you."

I returned to Simon.

"And what information am I missing?" I asked him. "You said that in your
message."

"It's about time you asked me about it," Simon grumbled, picking up his
tablet. Simon prefers not to rely on his link for all information.. He
claims links fail with such regularity that he would be losing valuable
tidbits all the time. I think he just likes the drama of reading off the
screen.

The planet of Fair Haven may well be at the crux of Kearsarge's
problems," Simon began.


