# I Meet Blake Redman #

## Chapter 14

I walked into my flat and looked around. There was nothing personal here
save a piece of clothing dropped on the settee. I had not realized
before just how disconnected I was from my residence. I always dreamed
of a flat in the Womyn's Cooperative Housing Authority. It is safe, a
fashionable address, convenient to the heart of the city. It is also
cold, remote and indifferent to you when you move in with no friends, no
job, and nothing to look forward to. The womyn who can afford to live
here have busy lives and no time to draw out an introvert like me. No
one was rude. They were just courteous enough. All my physical needs for
security and nourishment could be met here, but nothing else. Somehow I
would have to make this space my own or move on. I wondered if 17 Dollar
Bay Drive would be any different. Could that be the simple answer of why
Kearsarge frequented the Elwood Street Diner?

I sat down to review the sports news. I wondered why I had not heard
anything from the Fungusian Network. Was I fooling myself that they
would respond in a timely manner? No matter.
Maybe the messages would have a simple explanation when Dad and I
searched Kearsarge's house.

Then I had a very disquieting thought. Maybe Kearsarge's antagonist
would start targeting me.

Not surprisingly, the newsstreams were alive with chatter about
Kearsarge's death. There was lots of video of Dad explaining her death
as unexplained and explaining why it would not be investigated. The
Solar League people were aghast. Dad explained he did not have the
authority to investigate and they could take their questions to the
Governing Board.

They did and got the same answers. This was Ptolemy City and sudden
death was common enough among the Rich and Famous. So were assassination
contracts. They had no record of an assassination contract for Kearsarge
as a victim, only as a contract holder.

There were video clips of Kearsarge's biggest races. There was precious
little about her background except to say she hailed from Cherry Vale on
Fair Haven.

The current marathon completed without incident. The closing ceremonies
for the Olympics would be held the following evening and then the
off-planet people would leave. I wondered how Kearsarge's death would
influence tourism. Perhaps there would be a down turn for a little
while, but the allure of the Pharaoh Star System is not its safety. In
fact, it is quite the opposite. It is the opportunity for intrigue and
danger which draws people in.

Nothing there to give me a lead. What else could I do?

Of course. I could talk with the people at the Elwood Street Diner.
Perhaps someone there knew something, saw something, had an idea.

"Investigator Camberwell," a man approached me as I left the building. I
hesitated. He was unfamiliar to me and he knew my name and more
disquieting, that I was an investigator. Should I summon the security
officer? (Another feature of the Womyn's Cooperative Housing Authority.
I needed to consider that fact seriously before relocating.)

"I don't know you," I said. Did all my conversations with strangers
start this way now?

"Of course you don't," he said, moving his hand as if to brush aside my
remark.

"I'm from the Solar League Examiner."

A reporter then.

"And should I call you Solar League Examiner or do you have a name?" I
asked, thinking what, if anything, I wanted to say to this middle-aged
man.

"I do," he said. "You won't believe it if I tell you though."

"I assume you have a byline," I said.

"Yes, of course, but it's not my name."

"One or the other then or I'm out of here," I said.

"Let's go with Blake Redman," he said, holding out his hand. "My parents
named me Absalom Gebb."

"After the detective?" I asked.

Blake Redman stared at me. "How do you know the *Lady From Nowhere*?" he
asked.

"A friend of my family is Simon Parge,"" I said.

Blake laughed. "Fair enough," he said.

A camel came by and we climbed aboard.

"Destination," the dispatch AI said.

"Elwood Street," I said. There was no point playing coy. Blake Redman
would contrive to follow me until he got his answer.

"Do the robots listen in?" Redman asked.

"Robots?" I was puzzled.

"You spoke to it just now."

"Oh, that was the dispatch AI," I said. "It doesn't keep a recording of
our conversation after we leave the camel. If you molested me, that
would be another matter. We could not be recorded at all if we each
confirmed that desire to the AI's satisfaction. People do not usually
plan conspiracies in a camel."

"Where do they plan conspiracies," Redman asked.

"On the terrace of Shepheard's Hotel might be a convenient location," I
said. "Ptolemy City is full of plans. Some of them come to pass while
others do not."

"You locals seem quite comfortable with conspiracies and murders."

"They happen all the time," I said. "Working people just go about their
business."

"And would you be a working person?" Redman probed gently.

"Technically no," I said. "I'm not employed as a service worker."

"Investigating isn't a service?"

"Not officially," I said.

"As you can tell, I'm not from around here," Redman said.

"Where are you from?" I asked, more for something to say than any
interest in his answer.

I come from a farming planet," Redman said. "You probably haven't heard
of it."

"Probably not," I agreed. "But your news outlet probably has a location
I have heard of."

"Solar City, of course, but I'm rarely there."

We got out at the corner of Lower Nile Street and Elwood Street. I
walked toward the diner.

"Where are you going? I don't think I know where we are."

"I'm going to the Elwood Diner," I said. "You can buy me lunch. This is
a working class neighborhood called the Lower Nile District."
