# Finding A Name #

```{eval-rst}
{sub-ref}`wordcount-words` words
```

Working with Tara Lee has been a profitable collaboration thus far.

I stared at my case notes. A profitable collaboration? That would be
something Captain Star Runner would say. Star always thought in terms of
profit. Had our relationship failed because I was no longer profitable?

"You're tired," I told myself. "You've had quite a shock today. Blake
Redman was murdered minutes after he left you and Josh at the First
Cataract Lounge. How can you possibly think that of Star?"

Star is many things, not all of them good or helpful, but Star values
friendship. It is one of the human characteristics Star most wants to
emulate. Star was very insistent that we were still friends, that I
mattered. If I stopped to think about it objectively, Star's friends
were all close friends. Star had no gradation. There were friends,
enemies and acquaintances. Lots of people knew Star simply because Star
was a Pantheran, and a distinctive Pantheran at that. Star never forgot
a name thanks to Christabel the AI. That did not mean that Star counted
many people as friends though. There was me, Colonel Gyllian Romeres
Lujo, Tamara, Emily Dickinson and perhaps The Czarina. That was it.

This line of thinking did nothing at all to consider the name and
location I found in Blake's data.

Jean Jacques Roseau. That had to be a moniker. No one would have that
name. I was sure about that. In any event, Roseau worked at the
Aesculapius Medical Center on Cleopatra.

Blake had never mentioned Roseau to me. Why not? Was I jumping to
conclusions? Or did I see a connection because I knew the Pharaoh Star
System and Blake did not.

* Jean Jacques Roseau.

* Age thirty-seven.

* Born on Fair Haven.

* Third son of Lord Marcus Garvey of Green Lake, Snowy Mountain District.

* Occupation: medical technician.

* Unmarried.

In the notes field Blake had written: unrelated to investigation.

Why? I wondered. Why was Jean Jacques Roseau unrelated to Blake's
investigation. He was a Fair Haven emigrate living in the Pharaoh Star
System where both Kearsarge and Samuel Mudd emigrated.

I searched Blake's entire database for any hint he knew about the
Aesculapius Medical Center or where it was located.

Nothing. Nothing at all.

"I need a reality check," I told Tara Lee who was sitting at the same
table I was in the canteen. She also looked very tired, but she was
waiting for the autopsy results. Several of her security officers were
questioning people who might have seen something when Blake was
murdered, but most of the witnesses had already embarked on their star
liners and were long gone building speed on their way to the Pharaoh
Star System's jump gate into hyperspace.

"What have you found?" Tara Lee asked. "You look very puzzled.

"I've outlined Blake's investigation to you," I began.

"Smuggling from Fair Haven into the Coalition," Tara Lee said. "What of
it?"

"Well, more to my dilemma: Fair Haven is structured around fiefdoms.
There are royal families with alliances based on marriage and blood
ties."

"OK," Tara Lee said. "So what?"

"Kearsarge was part of the York family who made an important alliance
with the Bender family," I said. "The Yorks are smugglers, at least
according to Blake. Kearsarge's marriage to a Bender was a big deal as
that is the controlling family in her region."

"OK. What does that have to do with Redman's death?"

"This," I said, "a minor relative of the Benders works at the
Aesculapius Medical Center as a medical technician."

"I don't see how that matters," Tara Lee said.

"For one thing," I said, "we're a good ways from Fair Haven. Granted
both Fair Haven and the Pharaoh Star System are outside the Coalition,
but we're not close star-graphically."

"A coincidence then," Tara Lee suggested. "You're grasping at straws.
You said this person is a medical technician. What of it?"

"A large shipment of antonium went missing recently from the mines on
Mark Antony. No one knows who got it out of the mines and where they
took it. The League of Hypatian Pirates say they're not involved. But
the Aesculapius Medical Center is right next door to Over the Moon. A
shuttle could easily go from Mark Antony to Cleopatra. They're only
three hours apart by shuttle."

"I see what you mean," Tara Lee said. "You have a family member, albeit
a distant family member, right next to a spaceport where the shuttle
could have been unloaded and the antonium transferred to any ship at
Over the Moon. That ship could be well away from here and with no one
the wiser. There are no customs inspections, no filing of flight plans,
no log that you were ever there."

"Bingo," I said. "Essentially, the antonium could disappear into thin
air and only reappear, in very small amounts, through the Fair Haven
smuggling channels into the Coalition, keeping the price high and the
availability low."

"And add to that," Tara Lee said, "the Aesculapius Medical Center could
have its own supply of antonium for its procedures."

"I never thought of that," I said.

"I'm willing to bet on that," Tara Lee said. "This medical technician,
whoever it is, did not act alone. A deal was struck. This is, after all,
the Pharaoh Star System."

"Aesculapius has a whole fleet of medical shuttles," I said. "Bring one
into Mark Antony and when you leave, take the antonium with you."

"That's reasonable," Tara Lee said. "I bet if you check with Charlie
Dayton, you'll find he has the medical shuttles there pretty regularly."

"I'll check that out," I said, sending a message.

"I'd also see what you can find out about the medical technician through
Aesculapius."

"Good idea."

I went to Josh's search tools. They had to hack the Aesculapius
personnel files.

"Jean Jacques Roseau," I read aloud. "Assistant to the Director of
Medical Technology and Supplies."

"Doing a good turn for the director I should think," Tara Lee said. "Who
is the director?"

"Amy Bridgman," I said.

"And does Roseau have a relationship with Bridgman?"

"They have the same address in the housing directory," I said.

"Check and check." Tara Lee said.

"All of this is speculation on our parts," I cautioned.

"True, but in the Pharaoh Star System, that is often all we have to
solve a case," Tara Lee said. "We can't arrest anybody. We can't
prosecute anybody. We can only make our suspicions known and let things
happen."

I thought about this. What were the implications of what I thought I had
just figured out. Consequences matter a great deal in our part of the
western galactic arm. People were assassinated for less.

"We don't know who contacted whom," I said slowly. "If Mudd was the
perpetrator, he could have pressured Roseau. If I understand Blake's
chart of the royal family and all of its relatives, Mudd had a closer
relationship to the Crowned Prince than Roseau. Roseau is so far down
the royal line as to not matter at all."

"So Mudd used that leverage to get Roseau to receive the stolen goods,.
Is that what you are saying?" Tara Lee asked.

"I think it is more likely than the other way around," I said.
"Rousseau's counter, and I have no evidence for this at all, is to say
Aesculapius gets a cut for using its shuttle. Roseau would not have
direct access to a shuttle. He probably had to pay some folks off and
get the antonium off the shuttle and onto the courier."

"Mm," Tara Lee muttered. "I see where you are going with this."

"I'm not saying Rousseau's clean here. Bridgman may not be clean either.
I'm just saying that it may not have been their idea."

"And if I'm understanding you correctly, Mudd was doing this because
Kearsarge pressured him to do so."

"I think that's why they came to the Pharaoh Star System in ther first
place. I think they were sent here to get the antonium for the York
family business."

"And how long were they here?" Tara Lee asked.

"Four years," I said.

"That's a very long con," Tara Lee said. She sounded doubtful.

"It takes a long time to mine the antonium," I said.

"I suppose. But how does that help me find out who killed Blake Redman?
Are you suggesting it was Roseau?"

I thought about that.

"No," I said. "Blake had not connected these dots at all. He was going
back to the Solar League. His big question was: Who was on the board of
directors for the mines."

"Who knows? Who cares?" Tara Lee shrugged.

"Blake hinted he thought the Board might have something to do with the
smuggling," I said. "We don't care about the smuggling from a law
enforcement point of view. But Blake did."

"Solar League thinking," Tara Lee said.

"Precisely," I said.

"But I still think--" I trailed off. Still think? Had I been thinking
this or had it just suggested itself to me.

"I still think," I repeated, "that Kearsarge herself might be involved.
If she was pressuring Mudd and he wanted out, that would be a good
reason to assassinate him. Perhaps he was going to tell someone. Then
Blake comes along and he aims to tell the whole Coalition what is going
on here and on Fair Haven. So he has to be eliminated, too."

"So from your perspective, you still have to figure out who offed
Kearsarge and why," Tara Lee said.

"And if I find the answer to that mystery, I'll know who killed Blake,"
I said.

"And the opposite is true also," Tara Lee said. "If I find out who
murdered Redman, you'll know who killed Kearsarge."

"Definitely," I said.

"My head is spinning," Tara Lee said.

"Mine, too." I said.

"Sleep might be helpful," Tara Lee said.

"I'm with you there." I said.

Tara Lee laughed. "An interesting suggestion," she said. "But I
think I'll pass tonight."

I smiled, too.

"I quite agree," I said.

It was that easy. A suggestive phrase and Tara Lee and I were laughing
about sharing a bed. The suggestion had its appeal though I doubted the
subject would come up again.

