# Emily Dickinson Finally Talks #

I had just taken my first sip of tea when I received a  call which was
labeled both urgent and video..

. It was also a video callIt was 
from Ptolemy City which both  surprised me and made me a little scared. Who was calling me? The name on the
call was unfamiliar. I accepted the call anyway. It could be a tip and
stars above I sure needed one about now.

The Czarina's face appeared, old and worried. Without her makeup and
tiara, she looked quite haggard.

"Ronnie, I didn't know who else to call," she said, anxiety permeating
her voice. "Emily Dickinson has been rushed to Aesculapius. He said to
get in touch with you regardless of the cost. He said it was urgent, that you
knew. He wants to talk with you, to tell you something. He looked
terrible. He said he was poisoned. He said he knew he was poisoned
because he was poisoned once before. I know that to be true. Captain
Star Runner got him to the medical center in time. It patched up their
relationship. They had broken up--"

"He's being shuttled there right now?" I interrupted what might be a
long story. I did not think a former poisoning and the relationship
between Emily Dickinson and Star Runner was important just now.

"Yes. Can you get to the spaceport right away? You can catch the early
shuttle if you hurry," The Czarina said.

"I'm on the Alexandria Space Station," I said. "I'll get to Aesculapius
as soon as I can. Thank you for calling me."

I cut the call before The Czarina could say more. Damn! I should have
thanked her and told her I would cover her cost. Well, time enough for
that later.

"When is the next shuttle to Aesculapius?" I asked Tara Lee who was
putting some luscious-looking jam on her multi grain toast.

"Run," Tara Lee said. "You can catch it. I'll tell them you're coming
and to wait--security business."

"Thanks, Tara Lee," I said, pushing back from the table. "I'll be back
as soon as I can."

"I'm coming, too," Josh said, grabbing his breakfast sandwich off the
plate. "You can fill me in on the way."

We ran through the spaceport, dodging passengers and spaceport workers
alike. Security personnel cleared a path for us when they could. Tara
Lee must be pulling out all the stops.

We got to the departure lounge two minutes late but were hastily
escorted aboard. Panting, we dropped into our seats and felt the
thrusters engage before we even attached our acceleration harnesses.

When he got his breath back, Josh said to me, "What's going on?"

I continued to breathe hard. Josh was in much better physical condition
than I was. I made a mental note to check out the gym at the Womyn's
Cooperative Housing Authority when I returned. These sprints were
brutal.

"Emily Dickinson is being rushed to Aesculapius because he's been
poisoned," I said between gulping great amounts of shuttle air. "He said
I should go to Aesculapius immediately. He wants to talk to me."

"Is he going to live?" Josh asked.

"I sure hope so," I said. "He knows things, things he wouldn't tell me
when I asked him. * think they're trying to eliminate him, too."

Josh shivered. "That means you're next," he said.

I had not considered this, but Josh was right. Everyone connected to
Kearsarge in some way was being done away with.

"You're at risk now, too," I said very quietly, "so is Tara Lee and
perhaps all her staff. This is getting out of control. Too many people
know about this. Josh, do you have access to a network?

"It's not secure," Josh said.

"Do what you can. Send the data to Simon Parge. Send my case notes, too.
Tell him to figure this out."

"OK," Josh said, fingering is link. "You're going to owe me one of those
fancy wet wire links when this is all done."

"If I'm around to get it done for you, I will," I promised. "I'm
sending him the decryption data, too. Can he manage that?" Josh asked.

"He can or he'll find someone to do it," I said.

Well, that was my backup plan.

"He's got it," Josh said. "He says you owe him some of your fee when he
figures it out."

"That would be Simon," I said. We were approaching the visitor's docking
area at the medical center. I had never been here before. I assumed the
shuttles landed at Over the Moon. I said as much to Josh.

"No way," he said. "They're at the South Pole. You don't think the
League wants to be that close to a legitimate business, do you?"

"I guess not. Is there a way to get there from here?" I asked.

"There's a shuttle that runs in the evenings," Josh said, consulting his
link. "There are restaurants. A group of a certain type of person
frequents those restaurants. Your friend The Czarina is one of them. The
high rollers go there to gamble, too. People who come here for treatment
may go over there as well as their families. The rest of the place is
pretty seedy, like the neighborhoods off the very Lower Nile."

The Alexandria Space Station had its own freight docks, but that was the
legitimate side of business. The League could send interplanetary
spacecraft from Over the Moon there with contraband goods. Since it was
in-system, there were no inspections, no fees, no taxes, just a docking
and storage fee. It was said in Ptolemy City that more than half the
goods in our stores and food in our better restaurants came into the
city in this way. It kept prices down and expanded the amount and
variety of goods we had access to.

I followed Josh, leaving him to navigate the many hallways and connected
buildings of the Aesculapius Medical Center complex. All this was for
patients. No telling how big the facility was because it included living
quarters, laboratories, researchers, an entire medical school, programs
to train all sorts of people to do all sorts of things. I wondered that
there wasn't the commercial sector to sustain all their needs. But maybe
they needed to leave the campus from time to time and Over the Moon
provided that quick relief.

"Here we are," Josh said, touching a panel on a door.

"Please state your name and your relationship to the patient," the door
said.

"I'm Investigator Ronnie Camberwell," I said. "I'm with my associate
Josh Hardy. Patient Emily Dickinson requested to speak with me as soon
as possible."

"Please wait," the door responded, giving no information about Emily
Dickinson away. For all I knew he was dead.

"Enter," the door said, and slid aside.

Emily Dickinson lay in a bed which was more hardware platform than bed.
I went to him with great trepidation.

"Emily Dickinson, it's Ronnie Camberwell," I said. "The Czarina said you
wanted to talk with me."

"A good woman, The Czarina," Emily Dickinson murmured.

"Yes, a good friend," I said.

"We help each other out," Emily Dickinson said. "You have to stick
together. You always need friends in Ptolemy City."

I waited, not knowing what to say to this, wondering how I could get him
to tell me what he wanted to tell me.

"That big pussy cat," Emily Dickinson said.

I knew he was speaking about Captain Star Runner. He always called Star
Pussy Cat.

"They've been a good friend to me even if I haven't always been a good
friend to them. You know, Ronnie, that big cat went all over the western
galactic arm looking for me."

I know, I thought. I was there.

"And nowthey're gone because of some troublethey got into with the other
cats."

Again I waited.

"But I guess you know all that," Emily Dickinson said.

"Yes," I said.

"I was sober, getting along OK on the Northern Frontier," Emily
Dickinson said, when someone from my past showed up on Grand Central
Station. He wanted me to do a job, a nasty job. I told him I didn't do
that sort of work anymore. I was putting all that behind me and living
right and proper. I didn't have the credentials to get back inside the
Solar League, but Gyllian said it might be arranged if I kept to the
straight and narrow for a while. She has contacts, you know."

Emily Dickinson was speaking of Colonel Gyllian Romeres Lujo.

"Yes," I said to keep him talking. He seemed about to drift off to
sleep.

"But old Dick York said I had to do it. That he'd make trouble for me on
the Northern Frontier. He said he knew people on the Southern Frontier
that could make things very difficult for me. All I had to do is go back
to the Pharaoh Star System and do this one last job for the Yorks. I
used to work for them a long, long time ago. They knew the dirt on me
all right, the warrants that are still outstanding, everything."

"So you took Kearsarge's contract to assassinate Sam Mudd," I said.

"I had to," Emily Dickinson said. "There wasn't much choice in the
matter. And being back here in Ptolemy City, I got back to all my old
habits. No more straight and narrow for old Emily Dickinson. Just the
drunk I've always been.

He sounded quite plaintive.

"Do you know why they wanted Sam Mudd dead?" I asked.

"Oh yes," Emily Dickinson said. "They wanted him off Mark Antony and he
wouldn't leave."

"Why?" I asked.

"Dunno," Emily Dickinson said. "He wasn't cooperating so they wanted me
to blow him away."

"Why was Kearsarge killed?" I asked.

"Dunno," Emily Dickinson said. "Just wanted you to know someone poisoned
me for knowing what I do know."

"OK," I said. "I'll find out who."

"You're like that Pussy Cat," Emily Dickinson said. "You don't give up
on your friends even if they're just no good like me."

I didn't know I was such a good friend to Emily Dickinson, but he was
right. I would do my best to find out who was doing this.

It was too bad in a way. Emily Dickinson could have given Blake Redman
lots of information, even if it wasn't current information, but that
connection would never be made now.

Josh and I left the room. Emily Dickinson drifted off. The door said he
was expected to make a full recovery.

"Should we notify security?" Josh asked. "He could be at risk here in
the medical center."

"Already done," I said. "I've notified Tara Lee. She's contacting
someone she knows in the security office here."

"Good idea," Josh said.

"Are we staying?"

"I think we need to go to Over the Moon," I said. "Maybe someone there
will know something."

"You're not going to question Jean Jacques Roseau?"

"When I get back," I said. "Coming?"

"I wouldn't miss a trip to Over the Moon," Josh said. "I've heard lots
about it. But who do you think is there?"

"Pirates," I said."I think it's time to talk with some pirates." 


"Because--"

"Because I can't think of anyone else to talk to right now," I said
"And we're in the neighborhood so to speak."

I checked the time.

"We can make the first shuttle easily," I said.

"Let's go then," Josh said.

We headed for the shuttle to Over the Moon.
