# Meeting on Dirty World Station #

It took Gillian Romeres Lujo a few moments to locate the Pantheran. They
were sitting alone at a table against the wall of the Spacers Lounge on
Dirty World Station. In front of them was a plate of food and a glass,
both untouched. The Pantheran ha dnot the those items to eat or drink
but had wanted to be left alone at their table.

"May I join you?" Gillian asked, not waiting for an answer but pulling
out the opposite chair and sitting down. "What's in the glas?"

"I don't know," the Pantheran responded untruthfully and with little
interest. Of course the Pantheran knew what was in their glass.
Pantherans only forgot if their shipboard AI erased data from their
consciousness.

Gillian picked up the glass and sampled the liquid.

"A soft drink," she said and drank half the glass before returning it to
the table.

The Pantheran would not have even sampled it out of curiosity.

"I am Gillian Romeres Lujo," she said.

"I know," the Pantheran said. This time their answer was truthful.

"If you know who I am," Gillian said smoothly, "then you know why I am
here."

"Do I?" the Pantheran asked.

before she could answer, the lounge began to quiet. The scene on the
large screen behind the bar came to life. The seal of the Secretary
General of the Coalition displayed.

"OOOO, all official," one of the spacers called out. "What's the big cat
going to tell us."

The Pantheran wrinkled their pink nose. No Pantheran liked to be
referred to as a cat though they resembled Terran cats in many ways.

The seal vanished, replaced by the familiar countenance of the Secretary
General, a beautifully groomed white Pantheran.

Someone else in the lounge made meowing noises but before Gillian could
caution anyone the Pantheran on the screen began to speak.

\"Today have closed all Coalition borders. I have taken this
unprecedented action in order to prevent the lawlessness that has
invaded our Space. Although I know this will be a hardship for those who
have family and business interests outside Coalition borders, I have
been forced to institute these stringent measures because some elements
have seen to prey upon Coalition citizens and Coalition interests,
disregarding the rule of law and the Space Conventions. I have ordered
Coalition fleets Alpha through Theta to coordinate patrol of jump points
M17 through S27. Local authorities have been requested to patrol their
own space. Failure to maintain closed borders will result in
interdiction and immediate expulsion from the Coalition. Such unilateral
decision-making flies in the face of our cherished heritage of
cooperation; however, difficult times demand difficult decisions and
resolve.

"I call on all members of the Coalition to hold firm against the forces
of chaos and lawlessness to preserve our way of life and so that these
matters can be dealt with quickly. When order has been restored, our
borders will again be open for the healthy exchange of ideas and
commerce we have formerly enjoyed with non-coalition worlds."

\"It is our fervent hope that these disruptive elements can be dealt
with quickly. I ask your patience while your Coalition works diligently
on your behalf.

"Thank you."

The silence of the lounge was replaced by an ever growing growl of
displeasure. The basic business of Dirty World Station was smuggling,
particularly smuggling goods across the border. A lot of military was
now patrolling that border. The close monitoring of the jump points in
Coalition space near the border would make going into Coalition space
dangerous. The military tended to shoot first and ask questions later,
especially those directly under Pantheran control.

Then one spacer stood up and pointed at the Pantheran.

"So are you going to turn us all in?" she demanded.

A rumble of absent ran through the lounge.

Gillian stood up, turning to face the angry spacers.

"Captain Star Runner is not a member of the Coalition military nor are
they working for them. They are a private contractor just like many of
you."

"How do you know?" The spacer who had pointed at the Pantheran demanded.

"Because its my business to know," Gillian said.

Gillian turned back to the Pantheran. "I'll walk you to your ship,
Captain," she said.

The Pantheran accompanied her as Gillian left the lounge. The sound of
angry spacers followed them into the corridor but no one challenged
them.

"I hope you have a cargo on board," Gillian said as they walked. "I think
being in hyperspace right now would be a very good idea."

The Pantheran finally spoke, "why did you come to my table in the
lounge?"

"I wanted to talk with you. I still do," Gillian said.

"You wanted to talk with me before the borders were closed," the
pantheran clarified.

"Because the borders are closed."

"Then you had already heard the news."

"I have my sources."

"What did you want to say?" the Pantheran persisted.

"I have a business proposition for you," Gillian said.

"And it has to do with the border closure."

"Yes, it does."

The Pantheran stopped walking.

"Tell me," they said.

"Not here," Gillian said. "Meet me at Pirate's Cove as soon as you can."

"Very well," the Pantheran said, turning to place their paw on the lock
of a small currier ship.

"I sent you the coordinants," Gillian said.

The Pantheran did not respond but went inside.

