# quandary #

I entered Mother Space as quickly as I could. Without using a jump
gate as an entry point to hyperspace, the humans would not be able to
find me. Knowing that I could simply re-enter normal space near
Pirate's Cove, I was both nearby and infinitely distant.

I was quite satisfied with myself while I was, despite Ride's
ministrations, still quite shaken.

I had been completely unaware about The Clouder's search for me. I had
thought being beyond the border was sufficient. It had never occurred
to me and it had not occurred to Ride, to search for my identification
anywhere.

While Ride sought to realign my biological systems, it also connected
to the Consortium's network (after having checked Gillian's message
for boobytraps) and searched the official Clouder news sources using
my identification. *Star Runner* and *Captain Star Runner* are human
designations, not Clouder ones.

My situation, Ride reported, was as Gillian had said. That was
something. Bad, but she had been truthful with me.

Her revelation about her desire to steal a Clouder ride was both
baudacious and ridiculous at the same time.

Clouderrides simply were not captured. Every system was destroyed
along with the ride itself. There was no such thing as capturing
members of the Clouder.

Gillian's proposal amounted to a blood bath and my enslavement under
the auspicies of the ride's AI if it was still in tact. The AI would
have been given the information about me. As soon as I connected, I
would become its slave. This is speculation on my part, but I suspect
I would be locked out of every system and be useless as the Ride's
star runner. I could not run anything and might possibly be rendered
unconscious until I could be turned over to a Clouder official.

And yet...

I was intrigued.

One of my teachers once said that there is a human expression
"Curiosity killed the cat." They said I should bear it in mind because
my curiosity would get me in trouble some day. Well, it already has. I
am on the termination list already. Perhaps my teacher had never heard
the human expression that "Cats have nine lives." Silly and I am not a
cat, but perhaps this expression applies here as well.

**What to do?**

**What to do?**

Ride intervened to relax me. I drifted off to dreamless sleep. When I
awoke, Ride presented me with alternatives:

1. Go on as usual.
2. Go farther away from Coalition space.
3. Return to pirate's Cove and become a part of whatever Gillian and
   the Consortium was planning.
   
   The first alternative seemed untenable. Sooner or later someone
   would try to turn me over to The Clouder. My little ride had no
   weapons. I had no way to defend myself and my kidnapper would very
   likely not understand my relation to my AI. Either way, I would be
   terminated.
   
   There was little information about space further removed from the
   Coalition. The Pharoah Star System was independent, but as far as
   we knew it was not hospitable to Pantherans. My business depended
   on trade so I needed businesses trading with one another to
   survive.
   
   This left returning to Pirate's Cove, but Ride and I decided we
   needed to gather more information and we needed to be clear on what
   I was and was not willing to do.
   
   We set about finding out what my next steps should be.
