# Rethinking the Proposal #


"Well, that didn't go very well," Prudence Wu, the station manager,
said to Gillian when she walked into Wu's office.

"No, it didn't," Gilliam admitted. "I thought I was making progress,
but there is clearly something I don't understand."

"Is it because Captain Star Runner is a rogue Pantheran?" Wu asked.

"No, I don't think so. I think it's something very basic."

"Loyalty to its own kind?"

"Possibly, but the Captain was very   emphatic about not being enslaved.
They believe, if I'm right, that what they were asked to do was
tantamount to enslavement. And by asking them to do it again, I fell
into that trap. I think our Captain Star Runner has more of an individual
personality than any of the Pantherans I have ever met. That may be
why they were able to break away, but it may not be an asset for our
plan."

"Why?"

The person who asked this question had come into the office while
Gillian was speaking. Holloway was the military member of the team.

"Pantherans," Gillian said, "at least the ones I knew when I was
working Intelligence for the Solar League, played on The Clouder team.
They saw everything through that lens, never personally. I think
Captain Star Runner is different. I can't put my finger on it yet, but
talking to them was a very different experience."

"But it tore out of here and is off our scanners," Wu said. I can't
find it making headway toward the jump gate."

"A good star runner doesn't need a gate," Gillian said. "Our Captain
Star Runner certainly doesn't."

"Then they could be anywhere," Holloway said.

"I'm not giving up on them just yet," Gillian said. "I need a proposal
they can accept. I'm trying to think who I know who could tell me more
about star runners and especially this Star Runner. Do you know of
anyone, Bing?" 

"You won't like this."

"Than you are thinking about the same person I am thinking about,"
Gillian said. "He won't answer if I reach out."

"That bad?"

"That bad," Gillian agreed.

"Then, for the sake of the mission, I'll have to. Do you have any idea
where he is?"

"The last time I heard, he was doing stand up comedy on Hypatia,"
Gillian said.

"In the Pharaoh Star System?" Bing was incredulous.

"Under the name Emily Dickinson," Gillian said.

"How the mighty have fallen," Holloway said.

"It's what happens when you don't admit to your addictions," Gillian
said. There was a hardness in her tonewhich  the others in the office
made uncomfortable. 

"I'll do it," Holloway said, "but you owe me."

"I have owes to spare from you," Gillian retorted, still uncomfortable
with the introduction of Eberhardt Dietrich to the conversation.

Holloway may have sent the message, but Gilian received the response a
few days later. It said,

> Figured this was your question, Gillie, with your fancy pants
> Consortium thinking it can go up against the cats. Good luck with
> that. And yes, we know about that here in Ptolemy City. The Pirates
> don't miss much. The runners are controlled through their AIs so no
> wonder your pussy cat doesn't want to go anywhere near a military
> AI. It just might turn it in. Cheers.


"Well, that blows up that idea," Bing said to Gillian after reading
Emily Dickinson's message.

"If we knew how to disable that part of the AI," Gillian said, "it
still could work, but I don't know who could do that."

"Nor do I," Bing admitted. "I know the Featherote Charm builds their
ships, but I don't think they are responsible for their AIs."

"I'm thinking Captain Star Runner themself might know and may even
know how the AI could be disabled. I wouldn't think they would know
how to do it themself."

"But where are they now?"

"They haven't shown up anywhere else on the Frontier," Gillian said.
"I have the word out even on the Sacred Worlds, Queen's Landing and
the Republic of Space. No one's seen them. I'm guessing they're in
hyperspace and could get here rather quickly if we asked. It's worth a
try."

"And how would you get them to show?" Prudence asked.

"By being very up front with them," Gillian said.

"Should we get Klegg in on this?" Bing asked.

Hercules Klegg, probably not his real name, was the head of the
business consortium backing the Alliance. 
