# Wanted #


Where the Pantheran went and what the Pantheran did after leaving
Dirty World Station Gillian never
learned, but in time their little courier ship docked on Pirate's Cove
in the Long John Silver System far from the Northern Frontier's border
with the Coalition.
Gillian was not surprised that most of the  cargo she had requested
was quickly unloaded. For a little ship, it
carried a lot of goods. Gillian had known the Pantheran would not have
come to this back water` of a space station without the opportunity for
profit. Exactly what sort of a return cargo Gillian could offer
remained undetermined. As it turned out, it was who rather than what,
but that circumstance has yet to unfold in this little tale.

"There you are, Captain Star Runner," Gillian said as she entered the
small docking area of the station.

"Your message did not include a rendezvous location," the Pantheran
replied. "As this is quite a small space station, I thought I would
inquire of anyone I met where you might be found."

"What an old-fashioned way of locating someone," Gilliam exclaimed. "I
would not have thought you would consider that as an option."

"There is little information on this station available," Star Runner
said. "I want to enhance my references and my only way of doing that
is walking around."

"Well, then, let's walk around," Gillian said. "The occupancy here is
less than optimal so it is unlikely we will be interrupted."

"Then how does this station continue to operate?" Star Runner asked.

"Oh, that's an easy one, Captain," Gillian replied. "The planet goes
by the name of Treasure Island, an old Earth book is the inspiration
for its name, and it has large cashes of gems and other rare and
valuable minerals and metals. Bit by bit, they are transported from
the planet to the space station and then onto planets where they can
be prossessed."

"Which would be coalition planets," I said.

"For the most part," Gillian agreed. "We'd like to have those
facilities on the Northern Frontier so we could hold onto more of the
profit, but at the present time we lack investors."

"And you can't process any of the raw materials because of the
Interdiction."

"Not legally," Gillian agreed. "We have gotten some through. No border
closures are completely effective especially in Space, but our costs
are very high and it is very dangerous for the operators."

"And that is why you wanted to talk with me," Star Runner suggested.

"Actually, no," Gillian said.

The Pantheran did not respond but waited. In fact, Star and their ride
AI were busily conferring, taking in this new information and
projecting, or trying to project, Gillian's end game. There was now
not enough information to make a reliable estimation of her intent.

"I know you won't go near the border," Gillian said.

"You do?" Star queried. They definitely had underestimated Romeres
Lujo.

"You may not be aware of this," Gillian said, opening a fire hatch and
ushering them into a long empty corridor with no visible hatches.

"The Clouder very much wants to apprehend you. There are postings
throughout the Coalition offering a substantial reward for your
return. Your so-called crimes are being advertised. Not knowing the
particular events in question, I suspect they are both exaggerated and
invented, but you are described as quite a dangerous outlaw. That is
actually to the good this far out on the frontier but it does make you
vulnerable as a kidnapping opportunity. The Clouder emphasizes that
you are not to be damaged in any way which makes your capture quite
difficult."

This was new and troubling information. Ride was unable to verify it
immediately, but judged that Gillian straight shooter reputation made
her assessment quite credible.

"I've sent your AI an invitation to connect with our Consortium news
service," Gillian continued. "We hold our fact finding close in order
to vet it properly. So many rumors and misinformation is broadcast on
open channels that I am not completely surprised that you had not
known of your notoriety. There is even a suggestion that you be made
an honorary member of the League of Hypatian Pirates, but they are
such a reactionary bunch that making a non-human even an honorary
member is repugnant to the rank-and-file."

The fire corridors (for that is what they were) communicated with the
other levels of the station via steep staircases referred to as
ladders. The Pantheran navigated these awkwardly and with great care.
Gillian stopped talking until they finished their climb. She made no
apology for her route. Her goal was complete privacy.

"Here we go," she said, finally opening a hatch on a spar ton meeting
room. "I thought this might do for us."

[Previous:Chapter1](chapter01.md) [Next:Chapter3](chapter03.md)i
