(note-to-the-reader)=
# A Note to the Reader #

In recent times, *
The Adventures of Star Runner the Pantheran* have become popular in
certain quarters, but the serious student of literature or galactic

history cannot trace its origins. History has no record of the
Coalition, the Clouder or any of the characters mentioned in these
tales especially Captain Star Runner themself. Although Captain Star
Runner declares a longstanding tradition of the special gifts of a
fuchsia-colored Pantheran, no records exist of such exploits. one of our most noted historians (and a great fan of these
adventures), has said no factual evidence can be found of the time and
place of these adventures. Nevertheless, they could be historically
accurate. "We just don't have the complete history of the galaxy." 

The actual location in the galaxy is impossible to chart. No
coordinates are given. Descriptions of solar systems, star clusters
and the lack of hyper-spacial references make it impossible to locate
the places where these adventures took place.

The literary verdict is less enthusiastic. "These are simple tales,"
an expert in ancient literature said on the condition of complete
anonymity. "They are most likely fictional in character." Some have
suggested a mythical background, but again the source discounts the
possibility that these are origin stories of a lost civilization.

For a long time historians and literary experts have come to various
conclusions about the writing style. Third and first person narration
is mixed together and no single author emerges as the prime narrator.
Characters claim to know things they could not possibly have known at
the time using the internal information available in the narratives
themselves. It would seem a later compiler (and there may have been
more than one) edited these documents for greater clarity.

These stories have been collected here to preserve them so that future
generations will be able to enjoy them whether or not they really happened.
