# 17 Dollar BayDrive #

Dollar Bay Drive was awesome. The houses were five stories high with
flitter landing pads on top. This left an amazing amount of space free
and open to the dome. Garden areas adjoined the landing pad with patios
so people could sit there and enjoy the unobstructed view of the
Hypatian landscape including the sky.

Each house had land all around it. . It was like having
your own park to yourself.

The houses were painted with distinctive murals. All of Ptolemy City's
buildings are painted this way, even the structures in the seediest
neighborhoods. (Granted, the paint is not renewed as often there as the
population depends on the whim of the Governing Board.) The paint breaks
down toxic elements in the environment. Here on Dollar Bay Drive, people
used the paint to make each house distinctive. There were scenes from
other planets, fanciful pictures of dragons, old-fashioned ground
vehicles, stripes, plaids, and some solid colors with contrasting trim.

Kearsarge's house, my house, pictured a mountain landscape. Perhaps this
reflected her home on Fair Haven. As I studied the mural from the garden
in front, I realized the mountains were snow-capped. The snow was white.
The snow on Hypatia is red. It is blown about by intense winds. This
snow seemed to be stationary and laying on the ground. It looked quite
pretty.

"Are you going to gawk all afternoon?" Dad asked, coming up behind me.

I jumped.

"Don't scare me like that." I said. It came out more as an accusation
than an admission that I had not heard him approach from his caravan.

"Don't get so engrossed in the scenery then." His tone was mildly
scolding.

"It's just pretty," I said.

"It's quite alien, isn't it," Dad said, giving it a closer inspection.
"It must be like home."

"That's what I'm thinking. Blake Redman says she came from a
principality called the Snowy Mountain Region.

"And Blake Redman would be?"

"A reporter from the Solar League Examiner," I said. "He's investigating
smuggling on Fair Haven."

"Let's go inside," Dad said decisively. "No telling who's watching or
listening. You can tell me more when the house surveillance is on. Do
you have the codes."

"You bet," I said.

Getting clearance from the house to enter was a laborious procedure
which included fingerprints, a retina scan, a voice print and a one
hundred and twenty-eight digit password. When I completed all these
steps, the house said, "Welcome to your new home, Ronnie," and finally
opened the door.

"House," I said when Dad closed the door behind us, "do you have verbal
input and output."<

"Yes," the house said in a rich male voice. "I am called Arthur. If you
would prefer to call me something else--"

"Not necessary," I said. "Arthur is just fine."

"Thank you, Ronnie. I may call you Ronnie?"

"That's fine," I said. "Arthur, this is my father, Troy Camberwell. He
is Ptolemy City's police chief. You may let him into the house whether I
am present or not. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Ronnie. Your wishes are noted."

"Who else has permission to enter?" I asked.

"Lady Kearsarge, Lord Samuel and three others."

"Delete Lady Kearsarge and Lord Samuel. They're dead and will no longer
come in and out of the house. Who are the others?"

"I cannot give you their names," Arthur said. "They were never given
identities."

"How did you identify them?"

"By voice prints, retina scans and fingerprints."

"Did they receive a password?"

"No. They needed to have an appointment to enter."

"Is there any way for me to learn who they are?"

"I can show you a hologram of them," Arthur said.

"That's very good thinking." I praised Arthur. AIs, even rudimentary
ones, love praise.

"A visual identification is always helpful," Arthur said. "I recognized
you when you got out of the gazelle. Your father was known to me as a
city official.

"Very good," I said. "Where can we see the holograms?"

On the second level rear," Arthur said.

"We will go there directly," I said, looking for the stairs. There were
none.

The bounce tube is 10 meters ahead of you," Arthur said helpfully.

"Thank you," I said.

Dad had been quiet all this time. He said, "Where did you learn how to
talk to a computer that way?"

"Years of talking to Captain Star Runner's AI," I said.

"It feels a little creepy," Dad commented as we walked toward what I
assumed was the bounce tube.

"They watch everything. They listen to everything," I said, but you sort
of get used to it. They can tell you where you put something when you
don't remember where you set it down."

"What is a bounce tube?" Dad asked.

"It's a sort of people mover," I said. "I've only used one off-planet. A
cushion of air lifts and lowers you."

"And it's safe?"

"I assume so," I said. "Do you want me to go first?"

"NO," my dad said.

I expected he would not want me to think he was afraid.

We negotiated the bounce tube easily and walked into a large room. Its
windows were covered with a privacy screen. Holograms of three people,
two women and a man, stood waiting for us.

"Oh my goodness," Dad said. "I know them. Do you recognize them,
Ronnie?"

"They look familiar," I said.

"This man is the head of mining operations on Mark Antony, Charlie
Dayton."

"That makes sense," I said. "Sam Mudd managed the mines."

"Of course," Dad said.

"Delete this one's access," I said, "but don't delete anything else
right now. All his data should be retained under the name Charlie
Dayton."

"OK." Arthur responded promptly. "Done."

"These two," Dad said, "are well-known criminals. They'rePosthumous
Patty Parine and Dagger Dan Duncan."

"Now I remember," I said. "What are they doing with access to this
house?"

Arthur decided I was speaking to him and proceeded to give me an answer.

"They discussed business with Lady Kearsarge."

"Provide my linkArthur, with a summary," I said. "Can you do that?"

"Ye, but it will take several hours."

"Start working on it immediately. I may need answers to a number of
questions so leave processing capability to answer."

"Yes, Ronnie."

"Ronnie," Arthur said a moment later.

"Yes, Arthur."

"I have a message for you."

"From whom?"

"From Lady Kearsarge. She said I was to play it for you when u came to
the house."

"Tell me," I said.

"It's a holo." Arthur said.

"Show me," I said. Arthur was being pedantic.

Kearsarge appeared. My father gasped beside me. I did not look at him.
Kearsarge was dressed in a floor length gown of some filmy material. It
was white and left very little to the imagination. The garment, dress or
nightwear I could not tell, even had a hood which covered her
short-cropped light brown hair. The sleeves billowed as she spoke, her
hands clenched. I do not know what my father saw. I never asked him. To
my eye, she was not attractive. Her body was hard and unforgiving. That
was a word that just popped into my mind. Maybe her body reflected on
the outside what was on the inside. Maybe I just made that up based on
what Blake Redman and Emily Dickinson had told me.

"Ronnie, I'm so scared. I got another message. It said -- it said I
would be dead by morning. Find out who is sending these messages. I told
Arthur to give you anything you need. That's why I'm giving you the
house. I'm supposed to be resting, getting ready for the marathon
tomorrow -- I mean, later today, but I just can't sleep. I want to win
this race to prove to everyone I am not a loser. I think they know that
and that's why they're sending me all these messages, to keep me from
winning. But I'll show them. I really will."

And that was it. She did not sound convinced. I expected her to stamp
her foot, but she did not. She just stared and looked very vulnerable
and scared. I wondered if she had ever felt that way before. Everything
was hard about this woman except her insistence that she was scared. I
believed her. She really had been scared.

"What time was this recorded?" I asked Arthur.

"two thirty in the morning."

"And her body was reported at four forty-five," Dad said.

"When did she leave the house, Arthur?" I asked.

"Three seventeen a.m.," Arthur said.

"Did she leave alone?"

"Yes."

"How did she travel?"

"She called for a caravan."

I turned to Dad. "Can we get caravan records?"

He shook his head. "They would be sealed," he said, "sorry. I can't get
them for you."

"It would tell us where she went," I persisted.

"I would but you know the Transit Authority holds that information
close."

I did know. It was a lot of red tape to get transit records even in a
criminal investigation and so far, this was not a criminal
investigation.

Something about this did not feel right. I opened my mouth to say
something to Arthur and then I had a chilling thought. What if Arthur
had been tampered with? I had fallen so quickly into the mind set that
he cold be trusted. This was not Christabel, Star's AI. This was an
unknown quantity.

I sent a priority  send a priority message to Josh Hardy asking him to do a deep scan
of Arthur's systems telling him to do it as soon as possible."

"Arthur, allow Josh Hardy access to all our systems. Be
cooperative. Hold nothing back."

"Yes, Ronnie," Arthur said. "Is Josh hardy a trusted person?"

"Absolutely," I said. "He can enter the house, too."

That was a bit risky. Josh could show up uninvited and get in. It was a
risk I would have to take given the current situation of this case.

I felt drained.

"I've been thinking," Dad said when everything had been quiet for a few
minutes. "If Posthumous Patty and Dagger Dan are involved, there could
be some real danger. To my way of thinking, they're the ones who could
have killed Kearsarge.

"The other thing I'm worried about," he went on, "is that you sent that
reporter to the Treasure Chest. That's where they drink."

I checked the time. "It's still early," I said. "He won't have left yet.
I told him not to turn up before ten. It's only five now. Let's see if
there is anything else to discover here in the house. Then I'll message
him. I have to figure out what to tell him."

"Can you trust him?" my dad asked.

"I have no idea," I said. "So far, Figure I can trust you, Josh, and the
Parges."

"Kevin, too," Dad said, always willing to take Kevin's side.

"Kevin, too." I begrudged Kevin my trust, but he is my brother. I
can't point to anything significantly bad he has done to me.

We walked through the house, but we didn't find anything much. The
flitter was parked on its pad. The automated systems of the house kept
the rooftop garden watered. I supposed they kept the park around the
house watered, too. It did not rain in Ptolemy City.

Dad and I paused on the roof to look out on Torch Lake. We saw a few
sailboats and a number of rowboats. I saw several small craft tied up at
the dock. I have no idea how to operate watercraft.

Kevin does," I thought. "I wonder if Josh does."

That was a comforting thought. Maybe Josh and I could revive our
pre-pubescence friendship. I think Josh asks me out not so much as a
date -- Josh knows me better than that -- but because he does not know
any other way for a man to be friends with a woman. I want to change
that. We will never be lovers. The thought of us together in bed is too
amusing even to be considered. But I desperately need friends and Josh
has been willing to help me with this improbable case.

"If we're going to make dinner at the Parge's, we better get
going," Dad said. "It's a long ride to Pimlico from here."

