#Meeting  at the Palace Hotel #

Dad had called ahead so there was no difficulty getting Redman seen at
urgent care.
We left there and went to the Palace Hotel.

"You mind coming up to my room?" Redman asked.

"So long as we're just going to talk about the case," I said.

"I don't mix business with pleasure," Redman said. "Besides, you're not
my type."

With that settled, we rode up in the conventional elevator to the sixth
floor. Redman's room overlooked one of Ptolemy City's many parks. I
forget off-hand which one.

"So," Redman said when I finished updating him, "someone is still
sending the messages. Posthumous Patty and Deniable Dan aren't talking.
Has your tech guy gotten back to you with anything?"

I had not noticed if I received any messages. I checked. There were two
from Josh, the second one sounded urgent. I realized he must think I was
in danger, dead or otherwise unable to answer. I messaged Josh immediately. We set up a
voice link.

"Ronnie, I was panicked when you didn't answer," Josh said.

"I'm sorry about that," I said. "Things got a little busy at the
Treasure Chest. I'm here with Blake Redman. We're trying to figure out
what to do next."

"I'll be over," Josh said. "I want to share with you what I've found
out."

"That would be great," I said. "The more minds working on this
the better."

"I'm running all the scans I can think of," Josh said after he arrived.
His hair was sticking out all over. He was dressed in a teeshirt with a
picture of a ghoul on it and pants of an indeterminate color. Perhaps
they had been gray once, but most of the color had leeched out from
multiple washings. His trainers were developing a pattern of tiny holes
and there was already a rip at the edge of the sole near his big toe on
his right foot. This was the Josh I knew and loved. It was good to see
him emerge from the up-to-date businessman I met earlier. My confidence
soared.

"Have you turned up anything?" Blake asked.

"Some things," Josh said. Turning to me, "Ronnie, it was good you
thought to scan the house bot. There's a lot of code I don't understand
in his subroutines. I've walled them off for now and I've set
notifications if there is any attempt to run them. I'm also working my
way through the call logs, text, video and voice. I'm hoping to find out
who Kearsarge and Sam Mudd talked to and what about.

"The most disturbing item I've come across is an encrypted message sent
when you and your dad entered the house. The encryption is very
sophisticated. I think of myself as a very good hacker with very good
tools. This is Ptolemy City after all. It's the game we all play here.
Yet I'm having no success. I've never seen anything like it before and
I've worked on some pretty advanced systems."

"Could the Fungusians help?" I asked. "We now have a contact."

Josh scowled. I was suggesting he was incompetent, but time mattered
here.

"It's a thought," he said slowly. "But I don't know how much time we
have."

"The sooner we send that off the quicker they can respond," Blake said,
sensing that Josh and I were at an impasse. "Don't think of this as a
slight against your hacking skills. Look at it as an opportunity to
learn how to encrypt this way. Ronnie has an in with the Fungusian
Network. Don't throw that away, man. Humans don't get an opportunity
like that often."

"As a matter of interest, Ronnie, how did you manage it?"

"I knew a captain who worked with them," I said, choosing my words
carefully. If Blake had researched me as well as I thought he had, he
would know who I was speaking about, but he simply nodded.

"OK," Josh said, using our side conversation to search his soul to see
if it was ethical to bring in the Fungusian Network when a hack was in
danger of failing and his client and best friend was at risk. "I'll send
the info off to Dennis to see what the Fungusians make of it. Maybe
he'll be as thrilled with this as he was with the message tracing block
you sent him earlier."

"When do you think you'll know anything from your scans?" Blake asked
Josh.

"Not for several hours," Josh said. "My systems are state-of-the-art and
very fast, but there's a lot of data.

"Do you have any more information you can share with us?" I asked Blake,
sensing that I was losing control of the conversation and thus my
investigation. It is after all, my investigation.

"I've put out feelers on how both the Benders and the Yorks are treating
the deaths of both Lord Mudd and Lady Kearsarge," Blake said. "My
initial responses are from the media which, I am sure you are not
surprised to learn, is very pro royal. These deaths are "tragic" and
"unfortunate", "cut down in their prime", that sort of thing. I'm trying
to get the true family reaction. That's easier to get on the ground, but
as I am not on Fair Haven and not likely to be there any time soon, I'm
relying on local journalists. They have to be very, very careful as the
royals take a dim view of reporters sniffing around them to get
sensational headlines."

"So you're not leaving here to go there right now," Josh said.

Blake's smile was sardonic. "I'm a persona non gratis on Fair Haven," he
said. "I ask too many questions and I've gotten on-the-record interviews
from too many people. No, when I leave Ptolemy City, I'll be heading
back to the Solar League. I want to be sure the Coalition lets me back
in. My pass will expire in twenty-four hours. If I'm not off Hypatia by
then, I'm not going anywhere."

"So what can you do before then?" I asked. Twenty-seven hours is not a lot
of time.

"I was thinking about tracking down Charlie Dayton and talking to him,"
Blake said.

"The mine chief executive officer?" I was surprised. "Do you think he
can help."

"I've been asking myself that question," Blake said. "Doesn't it seem
strange to you that he would have access to the house on Dollar Bay
Drive?"

"Not particularly," I said. "I assumed he and Mudd conferred often."

"Then Mudd would be at home and he could let him in," Blake said. "But
house access suggests he came when Mudd was not at home."

"He was having an affair with Kearsarge?" Josh suggested.

"That's a possibility," Blake said. "It suggests a motive for Mudd's
murder."

"Assassination," I corrected.

"Assassination then," Blake said. "He's dead either way."

"But assassination is public and legal," I said. "It's a technical
point, I agree, but Charlie Dayton would have known about the contract."

"Oh," Blake said. "I forget you all take such things in stride here."

I considered. Blake's reasoning made sense.

"Are there calls between Kearsarge and Charlie Dayton both before and
after Mudd's death?" I asked Josh. He was working on one of his floating screens.

"lots of them," he said. He spun the screen for Blake and me to see the
scrolling list.

"Emily Dickinson said Kearsarge was famous for her infidelity," I said.
"Can you summarize these messages?"

"Sure thing."

"Who is Emily Dickinson?" Blake asked.

"The assassin," I said. "He said he was pressured into doing it. He owed
someone big time."

"Emily Dickinson," Blake repeated. "You do have colorful names here on
Hypatia."

"Emily Dickinson is a colorful guy," I said. "He also does stand up
comic routines when he's sober enough. He's quite funny in a very
pointed way."

I checked the time.

"It's too late to talk with him again." I yawned. "It's getting late for
me, too. I want to talk with The Czarina tomorrow to see if she has
heard anything."

"That will cost you," Josh said.

"I'm willing to pay," I said.

"I'm looking for a flight to Mark Antony," Blake said. "Charlie Dayton
is supposed to be at the mine. Do you want to come, Ronnie?"

The Czarina had breakfast around noon at Shepheard's Hotel. "I could go
after I speak with The Czarina," I said.

"That's good. We can't get a flight until afternoon. Will The Czarina
talk to me if I go with you?"

"Sure," I said. "She'll want to appear in one of your articles. She
loves notoriety."

"Then we have a plan." Blake said.

"When do we get back together?" Josh asked. "These routines will run all
night. I can check them in the morning."

"After we get back from Mark Antony," I said. "We can keep you in the
loop all day and you can message us with what you find out."

"I won't be coming back to Ptolemy City," Blake pointed out. I can book
my passage and just stay on the Alexandria Space Station."

"Let's meet there when you two get back," Josh said.

"We can talk remotely," I said. "What would be the reason for you to
shuttle up to the station?"

"Whoever is doing these messages can break any encoding I can manage at
the moment," Josh admitted. "Our conclusions would not be safe. A
face-to-face is our best bet to pool our information after you get
back."

"OK," I said. "When and where?"

We made our plans.

When I got up to leave, Josh got up to.

"I'm staying at your place tonight," Josh informed me.

"Really? I don't remember issuing an invitation."

"Call it protection," Josh said. "I don't want you to be alone except in
the shower. I can tell you what my scans have turned up in the morning
before you leave to talk to The Czarina."

I wanted to argue with him, to insist I was capable of taking care of
myself, but to tell the truth, his company would be comforting.

"OK," I said.

We arrived at my flat without incident. Josh made himself comfortable
and I got some much needed rest.

In the morning I found Josh sprawled out on my lounge chair enjoying the
view.

"You look comfortable," I observed.

"this is a much nicer view than I have," Josh said. "How's the view on
Dollar Bay Drive?"

"Splendid from the roof garden," I said. "Learn anything?"

"I cracked the code for the Kearsarge Charlie Dayton affair," Josh said
without a trace of the work it must have taken to do that in his manner.
All in a day's work, I supposed.

"And," I said, acting as if such an accomplishment was a daily
achievement. Perhaps it was. I knew nothing about the hacking, I mean
security, business.

"They were definitely having an affair," Josh said.

"Was it going well?"

"Sort of," Josh said. "It was all hot and heavy in the beginning as you
would expect. Dayton was taken aback when Kearsarge told him about the
assassination contract. Mudd was a good mine manager and Dayton did not
want to lose him, but Kearsarge sweet-talked him. Things went a little
sour after the deed was done. Dayton wonders who the  new
manager will be and if he will be kept on. The mine employees, you can't really call them miners, thought
Dayton should have bought the contract from Kearsarge and nullified it."

"Could he have done that?" I asked.

"Of course. People buy their contracts every day. You know that."

"No, that's not what I'm asking," I said. "I'm wondering how much the
contract was for and could he have raised the money. Obviously, he had
no influence over Kearsarge to withdraw it and pay the penalties."

"It was a healthy contract," Josh said, looking the contract up.
"Kearsarge made the contract here in Ptolemy City, but she did not have
the power to cancel it. That's weird."

"Not if she was an agent for someone else," I suggested.

"Let's go with that," Josh speculated. "Someone off-world wants Samuel
Mudd dead. His wife is having an affair. It just happens to be Charlie
Dayton. This off-worlder gets Kearsarge to take out the contract and
Mudd gets blasted. It will look like a lover's quarrel."

"Then Kearsarge gets bumped off sans contract," I said.

"Could be the same off-worlder paying but not being particular about the
conventions here regarding contracts. Just hire some muscle."

"Perhaps Posthumous Patty andDeniable Dan."

"Except no conventional weapons were used. Posthumous Patty likes to cut. No, I don't
think they killed Kearsarge."

"Have you found out why those two had access to the house?"

"They worked for Mudd," Josh said. "His stuff is heavily encrypted. I'm
still working on that."

"Good work."

"Thanks."

So far. It looks like the affair between Kearsarge and Dayton was either
a cover for the assassination or a convenient cover story after the
fact.

"Can you send that information to Blake?"

"Sure. I can use a one-time address. Do you think he will cancel his
trip to the mine?"

Josh typed in the air as he spoke. I never developed the technique to
the extent he has.

"No," I said. "He is also looking for information on Mudd, for example,
why did he take this job? Why didn't he stay on Fair Haven? Is there a
connection between this mine and the smuggling operation he's
investigating?"

"Oh, yeah, right," Josh said distractedly. "I forgot he has more to
learn than just who killed Kearsarge, why, and why are they after you
now."

I needed to remember Blake was after the bigger picture, the whole
sordid mess. I only needed to fulfill the directive Kearsarge gave me to
earn my fee. And, after all, earning my fee would allow me to afford the
house. I wondered if I would like living there. I would paint the
outside differently. Although breathtaking, I did not want to be
reminded of an alien landscape.

I left Josh on my balcony, assuring him I would be safe traveling to
Shepheard's Hotel under my own recognizance.

Shepheard's Hotel is, in many ways, at the core of the Tenderloin and
thus at the center of life in Ptolemy City.

"The hotel is not physically in the center of the dome. That would put
it in the Nile River and the center of Lake Memphis. Instead, it adjoins
the eastern wall so guests and visitors have an unobstructed view of the
Flaming Mountains, range of volcanoes which parallels the Nile and forms
the eastern boundary of the Nile Valley. On its western side, the hotel
has a view of Lake Memphis and the parkland which stretches from the
Ring Road to the lake shore.

Guests can easily get to the Valley of the Kings, the north-south
shopping street which is divided by Lake Memphis, by an open tram which
connects the hotel with the street on either side of the lake. The
conveyance is known locally as Tootles North and Tootles South. Anyone
can use it. You do not have to be registered at the hotel.

I used it to get from Valley of the Kings, a short caravan ride from my
flat to the grand entrance to the hotel.

People say that if you sit in the lobby of Shepheard's, eventually you
will see everybody in Ptolemy City pass by. I doubt this is literally
true, but it is true in the sense that lots of people cross its great
expanse and you never know who you might see.

I saw Captain Star Runner for the first time in this lobby. Star pranced
across its open floor space, a filmy scarf fluttering all around that
striking fur. I think I just stared that day. I had never seen a
Pantheran before. Most humans have never seen a Pantheran in the flesh.
They are called big cats because of their general resemblance to our
cats, but that description does not capture the self-assuredness with
which Star moves. Star was both predator and dancer that day, stirring a
longing and a passion in me no woman has ever succeeded to come anywhere
close to doing before or since.

Everybody watched Star, tail up, ears pointed forward, whiskers
immaculately groomed, nose quivering, each paw clicking as it touched
the marble floor. I watched breathlessly. Star is fuchsia-colored unlike
every other Pantheran any of us ever see on video. They are
pastel-colored, blue, pink, yellow, orange, even green. Star's coat is
rich and vibrant.

These thoughts crowded out any questions I might ask The Czarina. When I
reached the Terrace, I sternly told myself to put them away and
concentrate. I scanned the tables, looking. There she was and
thankfully, for my purpose, sitting alone.

I walked over.

"Hello, Czarina," I said.

Of course The Czarina is not a royal person. She is not even wealthy.
She pretends like many people in Ptolemy City. She wears a tiara on her
head and various pieces of costume jewelry. The bracelets clank when she
moves her arms which is frequent because she gestures when she speaks.
The Czarina is a service worker, writing a regular gossip column online. She
would call it a news column but much of what she writes is invented.
People pay her not to be written about.

"Ronnie Camberwell," The Czarina exclaimed. "Do sit down. I've been
meaning to message you so we could get together and chat about
everything that happened to you while you were away. I was so sorry to
hear about you and Captain Star Runner."

All of this was said in one breath.

"I've come today to talk to you about Kearsarge," I said, cutting off
her inquiry into my off-planet sojourn. The Czarina had been helpful to
Star in several of Star's adventures. I hope she would be helpful to me,
too.

"Terrible about her death," The Czarina said. It was a non-committal
response. What would it take to get her to talk to me? Perhaps I should
have said something about Star Runner.

"Yes," I said. "You know she asked me to investigate it posthumously.

"Really?" The Czarina said. "I had heard talk of that but you know, I
just thought it was talk."

"No," I said, "it's real enough."

The Czarina considered.

"I might be able to help you," she said, "but you know my services are
not free."

"Yes, I do," I said. "Thank you for being direct. It saves time."

"There is the little matter of my bill here," The Czarina said. "The
Terrace is a wonderful place to pick up news, but you cannot sit here
for free."

"I'll take care of it," I said, wondering how big a bill it was. I hoped
Kearsarge's financial institution would honor all my expenses. I would
have to settle Emily Dickinson's bar tab, too, if I wanted to talk to
him again. I wondered idly if Captain Kidd had a bar tab at the Treasure
Chest. Maybe he would have something else to say if I met him there.

"Sure thing," I said, reaching to activate the tab pad. I zeroed out her
account which was sizable. I added a little bit so I could order lunch.
My salad and tea arrived promptly. Despite the cost, it lacked imagination
though all the ingredients were fresh.

"So what can you tell me?" I asked when I slipped the plates into the
recycler. Shepheard's did not employ waiters on the Terrace.

"She was a lady," The Czarina began, "I mean a real lady, married to a
lord. Did you know that?"

"Yes," I said, "I did. Do you know why they came here to the Pharaoh
Star System."

"The obvious reason was his position at the mine," The Czarina spoke
quietly, unlike her greeting and chatter beforehand. "I have gotten the
impression Samuel Mudd knew nothing about mining. He cleared up some
problem or other they were having there, but it had nothing to do with
the mining itself."

I waited.

"I don't know much about the mines. I know they are fairly automated.
What I do know is the Antonius they produce is very valuable. It's very
rare and it is needed for specialized equipment. I have heard, though I
cannot confirm this, that some of the ore has gone missing."

"It's been skimmed off the regular shipments?" I asked.

"No," The Czarina said. "I mean an entire ship's worth has just
disappeared."

"Taken out of the system without being tracked?"

"That is what I assume." The Czarina said.

"Is the League of Hypatian Pirates involved?" I asked.

"No, that's the sticking point. If Captain Star Runner were still in the
system, I would have picked them, as the likely captain,
but the League is quite upset they weren't asked."

That might be what Captain Kidd knew -- that the League was not a
participant in the theft.

"Star would do the run," I agreed, "but Star's ride isn't big enough to
carry ore."

"It was processed. After it is processed, the pure antonium is in small
bars. Star's ship could have easily transported it."

"But not into the coalition," I objected.

"Of course not," The Czarina agreed. "If Samuel Mudd was involved, I
suspect it went to Fair Haven."

"Do you think Charlie Dayton knew about it?" I asked.

"Not until it was missing," The Czarina said.

"He was too busy with Kearsarge," I said.

"That's my guess," The Czarina said.

I changed tact.

"Know anything about Posthumous Patty orEniable Dan?" I asked.

"Besides they are nasty characters?" The Czarina asked.

"Besides that."

"Kearsarge," and here The Czarina frowned, "Kearsarge liked things
rough."

"Sexually?" I asked.

"Yes, but that's not what I'm trying to say. I mean she liked living
rough."

"going to the River District, for example," I said.

"Exactly," The Czarina said. "Trying to fit in with the pirates."

"Did she?"

"Not really. They're smarter than that. They know a fraud when they see
one. But I think Posthumous Patty and Deniable Dan were playing some sort
of a long con on her, but I can't tell you how it worked or if it
worked."

"And part of the con was acting as her buddies when she hung out with
the pirates," I said.

"Perhaps," The Czarina said. "I don't know she did that."

"I can probably check that out," I said.

I needed to ask The Czarina about the messages. Did I dare tell her
about the one I received?

I tried to remember what Star told me. Then I remembered how The Czarina
helped during one very difficult incident. It unmasked her somehow, but
Star held it close.

I leaned over the table and spoke very softly. "Kearsarge received death
threats. I don't know from whom. I'm trying to find out. Now I have
received a threat. Whoever is sending them wants me to quit
investigating. Have you heard anything about messages from outside the
Pharaoh Star System?"

The Czarina was surprised and dismayed.

"Oh dear, Ronnie, this sounds so serious."

"It is serious," I said.

"I don't like handling this sort of information," The Czarina said.

"I'm sorry," I said, "but I have to know. I need to stop this."

"Of course you do," The Czarina said. "I am for women taking care of
themselves. I always had to take care of myself. Now let me think."

I let her think, swallowing the last of my now cold tea.

"I heard Kearsarge mention it once," she said. "She accused her husband
right here on the Terrace. He denied it, of course. I can't say anything
more."

"That's helpful," I said, though at the moment I wasn't sure how.

"By the way, do you know what pressure was put on Emily Dickinson to
come back here to assassinate Samuel Mudd?"

"is that why he came back?" The Czarina asked. "You are full of juicy
tidbits today, Ronnie. I knew I should talk to you."

"That is what he said," I said. "I have to talk to him again. I think
it's all related somehow."

"Well," The Czarina said, "the way he is drinking, do it soon. I can't
imagine he'll last much longer at this rate."

"That bad?" I asked.

"That bad," The Czarina confirmed. "It's really a shame."

"It is," I said.

As I got up to leave The Czarina asked, "Is Captain Star Runner coming
back to Hypatia?"

"Not as far as I know," I said. "Star's working on a big project a long
ways from here."

"Can you tell me about it?" The Czarina asked.

"Afraid not," I said, "it's confidential."

It was a long complicated story and I did not want to discuss it with
anyone. I'll let Star tell it if Star wants to tell it. (It is a yet
unpublished tale.)

I had just enough time to make it to the Ferris Lighthouse Spaceport for
my shuttle ride to the Alexandria Space Station.

12.Â Â  The spaceport is located outside the Ptolemy City dome proper in
an area called the Levant. Sometimes it is referred to as the Tripoli
Spaceport by old time pirates who know the history of the League.
Captain Star Runner mentioned it once, but then Star has access to
databases replete which such information. Right now, I just wanted not
to miss my shuttle.

13.Â Â  
