# Farewell at the First Cataract Lounge #

We found Josh, a drink at his elbow, playing a fast and complicated
video game. Blake and I sat down, ordered our own drinks and waited.
Finally Josh swiped his screen clean.

"I've gotten to level eighty-nine," he announced triumphantly.
"Congratulate me."

Same old Josh.

"A gamer till the end," I said. "Find out anything new on our case?"

Josh shook his head. "I've been running everything I can think of," he
said, "but I can't crack anything."

"What about Posthumous Patty and Deniable Dan?" I asked. "Can you get into
their conversations?"

"There isn't much there," Josh said. "Things like, meet you there, and
same time same place. I don't have a reference so I can't give you
anything."

"How often did Kearsarge contact Fair Haven?" I asked.

"Can't say." Josh was quite miserable. "I thought I had lots of data to
crunch, but it's all locked down."

"Has anything been deleted?" Blake asked.

"Can't tell," Josh said.

"I mean since you started interrogating the system. Is it just waiting
for you to decrypt it?"

"Apparently. The person who set it up is quite confident I can't break
into it. It really irks me. I'm a good hacker."

"And we haven't heard from the Fungusians?" I said.

"I got a return receipt that the data arrived," Josh said, "but that's
it."

"That's something," I said. "The network continues to be upgraded. The
turn around time is lessening."

"You're right," Josh said. He sounded excited. "They must want to talk
with me."

"The Fungusians love to crack code," I said. "The ability to decrypt
that system will be an upgrade offered over their network." I caught
myself before I said, "It will be in Star's next database refresh." It
would be, but no one hear need know that. What did anyone care, what did
I care, that Captain Star Runner could decrypt Arthur's database.

We shared our findings with Josh.

"The key thing you found out," Josh said, "is that Charlie Dayton
doesn't know who he is working for. None of us knows who owns the mines
on Mark Antony."

"And Sam Mudd may be linked to the disappearance of the antonium," Blake
added. "I think that's where I need to dig next. When I find out, and I
will find out, I'll let you know."

He stood then. We heard the boarding call for his starship.

We said our good-byes: Nice to meet you. Stay in touch. I'll let you
know what I find out. It was all the things you'd expect. A pleasure to
work with you. Look me up if you ever get to ----.

Then Blake walked out of the First Cataract Lounge. I did not
expect to ever see him again.

