# Station Security Chief Harris #

"I got the feeling," I told Josh, Charlie Dayton didn't want to know
anything. He just wanted to do his job and get paid. I think our
questions made him very uncomfortable."

"A theft, an assassination and a mysterious board of directors is a lot
to answer for in one afternoon," Josh said. "I'd certainly be nervous if
someone came around asking me about all that."

"And an affair with a woman who ended up dead," I added. "I get your
point."

"Are you Investigator Ronnie Camberwell?" someone asked me from behind.

I turned around. A station security officer stood behind me.

"Yes," I said, "what is this about?"

"If you will come with me," the officer said.

"Why?" I asked.

"Please come quietly," the officer said. "It is best if we don't make a
scene."

I got up. Josh got up, too.

"I'm coming with you," he said.

"That's fine," the security officer said. "Just come quickly and
quietly."

We exited the lounge.

"Security Chief Harris has some questions for you," the officer said.

"I knew Tara Lee Harris slightly. Had we met once? The police force in
Ptolemy City and the Security Office on the Alexandria Space Station
often traded information on the movement of persons of interest. We
often picked up someone the other office needed to interrogate.

"I'm not on the police force anymore," I told the security officer.

"We know," the security officer said. "Please, I can't answer any of
your questions. Chief Harris will explain."

That was fair. We were on one of the many busy concourses. A discussion
of security here would alarm already anxious passengers.

We were shown into Tara Lee's cramped office. Almost every working space
aboard a space station is cramped -- more cramped than a domed city.

"Thank you for coming, Ronnie," Tara Lee said, stretching out her hand.
"And who is this?"

"My associate, Josh Hardy," I said.

"Of Hardy Security Systems?" Tara Lee asked.

"The same," Josh said.

They shook hands.

"I have bad news for you," Tara Lee said, getting immediately to the
point. "Blake Redman is dead."

"Dead?" I said. "I just saw him--"

"Yes, I know." Tara Lee cut across my ridiculous statement. "Someone saw
him leave the First Cataract Lounge and head for the lockers. Another
passenger reported he opened it and slumped forward. They called First
Aid but he was pronounced dead at the scene. There was nothing anyone
could do."

"Do you know what killed him?" I asked.

"No," Tara Lee said. "We assumed it was something medical until we found
this."

She handed me a sealed clear bag. Inside the bag was a written note."

"> Tell Ronnie Camberwell she's next."

I showed the note to Josh wordlessly.

"I think you better sit down," Tara Lee said.

"I think you're right," I said.

This made her small office even more cramped.

"Talk to me, investigator," Tara Lee said. Her tone was crisp. "What do
you know about this? You and your companion didn't seem overly
surprised.

"This is the second threat I've received," I said. "The first was a
message to my link. I believe both threats are connected to a case I'm
investigating. Blake Redman and I were cooperating. Our interest are
different, but there is enough similarity in our investigations that we
thought we could be helpful toone other."

"And who would want him dead?" Tara Lee asked.

"Many people," I said. "The list of suspects is quite lengthy."

"And this involves a security matter?" Tara Lee guessed.

"No, not directly," I said. "I'm investigating a death. Redman is, was,
investigating a smuggling operation based on the Southern Frontier."
"And he was in the Pharaoh Star System because, because he was covering the Olympics," I said, having a Sudden burst of
inspiration.

"And you expect me to believe that?" Tara Lee scoffed. "Surely you have
a higher opinion of me than that?"

"I don't know what I'm dealing with here," I said, snapping back at her
tone. "I don't know if telling you more will put you at risk."

"I appreciate that," Tara Lee said. "Why don't you say a little more.
You haven't explained why you need a security expert."

I sighed. "OK," I said, Marshalling my thoughts. Not knowing what I
needed to know to put all the pieces of this puzzling case made
summarizing it extremely difficult. "I was hired to find out where some
death threats were coming from. The person ended up dead. Blake Redman
and I thought the person's death might be related to some of his
investigations back on the Southern Frontier and inside the Coalition.
Because of the messages, I hired Josh."

"So you think the smugglers got to him," Tara Lee said.

"Perhaps," I said.

"If this is League business," Tara Lee began to say--

"The League says it is not involved," I said.

Tara Lee's position aboard the space station made it necessary for her
to walk a fine line between enforcing what law there is in the Pharaoh
Star System, catering to the Rich and Famous who frequent it and
allowing the League of Hypatian Pirates to operate without injuring
service workers, and paying passengers. Sometimes one could not happen
without the other.

"And this person would be connected with the Solar League Olympics,"
Tara Lee said.

"That's right," I said.

"And there was an assassination contract, too."

"There was."

"And you and Blake Redman have just returned from Mark Antony where
there has been a sizable theft."

"Yes indeed."

"I'm getting a sense of the scope of your investigation." Tara Lee said
thoughtfully.

"And you don't know the half of it," Josh said, having been quiet far
longer than usual.

"OK." Tara Lee sighed. "I have to make a report to the station manager.
"Properly speaking, we're dealing with the death of a service worker
from the Solar League. That's pretty high profile around here. Unless we
can say it was from natural causes, we have a murder on our hands.
That's not good for business."

"Never mind not being good for Redman," I said.

"No argument there," Tara Lee said.

"Our shuttle leaves in fifteen minutes," Josh said. "If we hurry, we can
make it."

"I'm afraid you'll have to miss it," Tara Lee said. "I need to talk with
you both more if my boss agrees this is murder."

"Reschedule the flight," I told Josh, "we'll get the last one out
tonight."
