# Detained #

As it turned out, we canceled that flight, too. Tara Lee found us births
where we could sleep that night. There was more to discuss than we
initially thought.

The station manager decided Tara Lee should investigate the death of
Blake Redman. As a investigative journalist for the leading Solar League
news conglomerate, his death would be a leading story. The powers that
be on Hypatia and who controlled the Alexandria Space Station were
concerned about adverse publicity. If the Security Office could clear
the matter up quickly and show that his death was related to his work
rather than dangerous conditions in the Pharaoh Star System, the
negative publicity might be neutralized. Security Chief Tara Lee found
herself the lead on a very high profile case. She thought Josh and I
might have the information she needed to wrap the case up in short
order. I doubted this would be true.

Neither Josh nor I were compelled to give Tara Lee much information. We
could easily claim it was business-related and therefore beyond her
ability to coerce. However, we made an agreement. We would pool our
resources. She would get credit for solving Blake's murder. I would
finish my investigation and earn my fee. Josh would be paid for his
security skills -- at least from Tara Lee. I was certainly going to
bargain with Josh. My contacts in the Fungusian Network counted for
something.

"You're clear you are putting yourself at risk heading up this
investigation," I said to Tara Lee as we sat over dinner in the
employees canteen.

"Aren't we used to that?" Tara Lee asked, cutting into her soy steak.

"Blake Redman is dead," I said. "Kearsarge is dead. You saw the threat
made against me."

"To be very direct, Ronnie," Tara Lee said, "if someone comes after me,
it's like coming after the station itself. The powers that be won't
tolerate that."

"That won't help you if you're dead," Josh said.

"I'm expecting that to keep me from being dead," Tara Lee responded.

"How soon will we get the autopsy results?" I asked.

"Ronnie, I'm eating," Josh objected. "Remember, I'm not a hardened cop."

"I'm hoping the answer to Blake's death will tell us something useful,"
I said. "So far, we don't know what we're up against."

"We should have the results by midnight," Tara Lee said.

"I'm not staying up for that," Josh yawned. "I was up most of last
night."

"I told you I would be all right," I said.

"I was working on the house AI most of the time," Josh said.

I picked at my vegetables. The hydroponic and solar gardens on the space
station were quite good. The restaurants needed a reliable source of
fresh items. I decided it was not the quality of the ingredients but the
uninspired way they were combined in an indifferent sauce. On the other
hand, it might just be my mood.

I was starting to deal with Blake's death. I had liked him, liked his
confident manner, his knowledge and his go-in-there-and-get-the-job done
attitude. Now I wondered who would ever trace the antonium. I doubted
the Solar League Examiner would assign somebody else. Besides, the new
reporter would not have the contacts, have the sense of the way all the
pieces fit together.

Tara Lee received a message.

"Josh," she said, "you're a decrypter, aren't you?"

"The best in the Pharaoh Star System," Josh said without any trace of
arrogance. I guessed he probably was.

"Forensics have just released Blake's link. Do you think you could take
a look and see what information you can access?"

"Sure thing," Josh said, slurping up another spoonful of the soup of the
day.

"That's great," Tara Lee said.

Later Josh found Tara Lee and me in her little office.

"I've opened up Blake's link," Josh said. "He had it well-encrypted but
he used off-the-shelf components. I know my way around these pretty
well.

"He didn't salt things very well?" Tara Lee asked.

"He did," Josh said, "but I have the neural routines to figure them out
and the network speed to make it practical."

"I see," Tara Lee said, but of course neither of us had any idea what
Josh really meant. I remembered Captain Star Runner commenting that the
better the artificial intelligence, the more leaps of logic they could
employ to figure out what to do. I suspected that was what Josh was
talking about. Star's AI learned from Star's way of thinking. In turn,
the Fungusian Network learned from the synergy between them.

"What do you have?" Tara Lee asked.

"I'm still compiling all the data," Josh said. "I need to recreate his
databases and understand how he linked them. The problem is that his
picture is incomplete. What I can tell you is more about the York family
and their smuggling empire. That is what Blake called it: an empire."

"The York family?" Tara Lee asked.

"Kearsarge's family name," I said.

"I'm not sure the particulars are helpful to us," Josh said. "I'm
looking for any connections to the Pharaoh Star System in any way. So
far, all I've come up with is that they did handle antonium from time to
time."

"That's a start," I said. "Go with that. Can I help?"

"You know how to run database queries?" Josh said, "lots of fuzzy logic
and parameter combinations?"

"I think so," I said. I could here Star Runner's breathy voice, talking
to Christabel, trying to ask questions to get at information she had but
did not put together in the way Star wanted it to be organized to give a
useful answer.

"I think I can do it," I said. "Let me try."

Josh's system was nowhere near as sophisticated as talking to the
Pantheran AI, but I managed to learn, and fairly quickly I am proud to
say, how to talk with Josh's system. We had only a tiny bit of delay,
sending the queries back to Ptolemy City.

Names. Dates Locations. A family tree. And then I saw it: the
name. The location. The position. Another piece of the puzzle clicked
into place.
