#  Hey Diddle Diddle #

I put a video call through to The Czarina. She looked better and
appeared to be all dressed up and somewhere I did not recognize.

"That's wonderful news." The Czarina gushed. "I'm so delighted you
called me."

"Josh and I are on our way to Over the Moon," I said. "Any suggestions
where we should go for dinner?"

"Oh come to the Hey Diddle Diddle," The Czarina said. "Join me for
dinner."

Inwardly I groaned. How much would that cost me? I'd have to pay her tab
to get anything more out of her. Well, she had called me about Emily
Dickinson. If I wanted her to continue doing these little favors, I
would have to have her beholden to me. Well, having the Czarina on your
side is probably better than having her speak against you. She might
continue to be useful.

The shuttle ride over to Over the Moon was more like a tourist ride over
the unfiltered terrain of Hypatia. Our pilot pointed out features of
the Cleopatran moonscape, including several crash sites and a large
chasm. He claimed no one knew how deep it was.

Finally, we arrived at Over the Moon and the prattle thankfully ended.
We were advised to make our reservations early for our return flight to
the medical center as additional shuttles would not be provided if not
everyone could ride safely on the final flight. We were also reminded
sternly that accommodations at the spaceport were both rough and
unsanitary.

Josh and I made our reservation for the final flight before we exited. I
had never heard of a hotel at the spaceport.

I quickly saw our shuttle parked in a reserved area. No freighters
rested nearby. The ships that were parked near us were well-maintained
yachts and a shuttle bound for the Pharos Lighthouse Spaceport. The
surface on which we walked was smooth, not scarred by use, fire or other
accidents or crashes.

We passed through a smart airlock into a carpeted elevator.

"I will bring you to the top floor of the Over the Moon Spaceport," a
disembodied voice announced as we began lifting. "You will have a
spectacular view of the stars. Restaurants include the Hey Diddle Diddle
for the adventurous and the Cat and the Fiddle for refined dining. Don't
forget to visit the Cow Jumped Casino at the end of the corridor. Please
step right when you exit the car and have a very pleasant evening while
you're over the moon."

"I think I'm going to vomit," Josh said. "This is all too cute."

"I wonder what is to the left," I said as we left the elevator.

"A set of doors," Josh said. "Should I try them?"

Before I could respond, he walked over to them. They slid aside but Josh
did not walk through. Instead, he laughed and turned back to me.

"The hotel," he said. "Aesculapius must like people to stay at their
facility."

"And what is it called," I asked, "The Dish or The Spoon?"

"It's called the Little Dog," Josh said. "The dog is
smiling, all curled up in a basket."

I laughed, too. It was a convincing picture of contentment.

Hey Diddle Diddle was not hard to find. Music spilled out from its broad
doorway. It was a robo serve restaurant with a floor show. I paused in
the doorway, looking for The Czarina. She waved from a nearby table.

"Czarina," I said, "have you met Josh Hardy, the security expert?"

"A pleasure," The Czarina exclaimed. "Is this your new beau, Ronnie?"

"Josh and I have been best friends since we were kids," I said easily.
"He's more like a brother than my own brother is."

"Your brother is Kevin Camberwell, isn't he?" The Czarina asked.

"Sure thing," I said. "He's older."

Josh and I studied the menus.

"What's good here?" Josh asked.

"Everything is good here," The Czarina said. "The pirates eat well."

I saw a curiously named dish on the menu: S.L. Star Voyager Wilted
Spinach and Quinoa Salad (vegetarian). S.L. stood for Solar League in
the names of ships.

"That's it," The Czarina said. "There must have been a raid. You'll get
the same salad here that people who paid a great deal of money get when
they travel on the Star Voyager. It's quite a nice starship, or so I've
heard."

I ordered it. What the heck. I probably would never travel on a fancy
starship. Where would I go?

Josh ordered animal meat.

When I placed my order, I surreptitiously checked The Czarina's balance.
It was substantial, but not beyond my resources. I filed my expense
account daily and each day I was reimbursed.

"Thank you, dear," The Czarina said when she received confirmation.

"I'll hope you'll continue to invite me to your table even when I'm not
on such a generous case," I said.

"Of course, dear. I wouldn't think of giving you the cold shoulder," The
Czarina promised.

I wondered how true her statement was. Well, I'd probably find out some
day.

"Oh look who's here," The Czarina said, pointing discretely. "That's
Posthumous Patty and Dagger Dan. I've heard they're a couple now."

"Haven't they always been?" I asked.

"No," The Czarina said. "Dagger Dan was partnered with Alluring Abigail.
She left him for one of the Rich and Famous who dumped her when they
docked somewhere in the Solar League. I heard he left her without any
credits. She can't make enough money to get out of the Coalition. Dagger
Dan refused to send her anything. He said she was pretty uppity when she
left so it served her right to be up the proverbial creek without a
paddle."

"And Posthumous Patty?" I asked.

"She's a wild thing. Most men give her a roll and come out of it cut in
several places."

"Dagger Dan seems to be in one piece," Josh said.

"He does," The Czarina agreed, "but I don't think it will last. I've
heard Posthumous Patty is going out of the Pharaoh Star System soon."

"Where?" Josh asked, playing the unsophisticated, incredulous kid he
looked like but was not. I was grateful he was feeding me so much
needed information.

"I heard she was offered a job on Fair Haven," The Czarina said. "I can't
imagine what she would be doing. She's just an enforcer."

Bells started ringing in my mind.

"She's an enforcer?" I asked.

"Of course," The Czarina said dismissively. "With her propensity for
cutting people, she's a natural."

"Who does she work for?" I asked.

"Anyone who will pay?" The Czarina said, losing interest.

"Czarina, this is important," I said, leaning toward her. "Who has she
worked for recently?"

Immediately The Czarina looked thoughtful. Her zeroed out tab was
incentive. It would easily be in the negative zone by the end of the
evening.

"I don't know for certain," The Czarina said.

"Can you find out?" I asked.

"Perhaps," The Czarina said, holding her information close. "She often
works for very special clients.

"Special?" Josh asked.

"The power brokers behind the League," The Czarina said. She spoke
slowly, reluctant to give up information.

Some of the pirates worked independently. Some, like Captain Star
Runner, worked on contract. The people Posthumous Patty worked for
offered the contracts.

"Czarina," I said, knowing I was about to play my trump card, "if you
know you need to tell me. I think one of these power brokers tried to
murder Emily Dickinson."

My drama was spoiled with the arrival of our food. The Czarina steered
the conversation to lighter subjects, who was dancing with whom, how
people were dressed.

We ordered dessert. I needed to stay at The Czarina's table until she
answered my question. She demurred.

"Czarina," I said, "Tara Lee Harris is providing security for Emily
Dickinson. She won't do that forever. When she withdraws her people,
he'll be vulnerable again. I need to know who has hired Posthumous
Patty. It may help me protect him from another attack."

"I've known Emily Dickinson a long time," The Czarina finally said,
"back when he was the best assassin in the Pharaoh Star System. He was
efficient. No terror. He just got the job done. We were never lovers,
but he helped me out when I was really in trouble. I guess I owe him for
that -- owe him more than money. You'll want to look into Adam Worth."

Josh almost dropped his coffee cup. I must say this astonished me, too. Adam Worth lived outside Ptolemy
City in one of the stand-alone domes. Captain Star Runner and I once
lived in one of these domes, but Star sold it when Star's business
interests took Star elsewhere. I neither wanted the dome nor did I
think I could pay for its upkeep. Star told me the upkeep was not
prohibitive with geothermal and wind energy available. I pointed out
to Star that I did not have or knew how to operate a vehicle which
could safely transport me to and from Ptolemy City. Star agreed with
my logic and sold the place.

Adam Worth's dome is said to be palatial and is more a fortress than a
home. Worth is reclusive, rarely coming to Ptolemy City. People do
business with him at his residence which is called the Pyramid.

Besides being wealthy and withdrawn, Adam Worth was considered an
outstanding citizen, one who operated his business interests well and
without reproach. He was civic-minded. Many of the pleasant aspects of
Ptolemy City which the service worker enjoyed were said to be sponsored,
funded or recommended by Adam Worth.

The thought that he hired someone like Posthumous Patty to apply
physical pressure to people to further his interests shocked me.

Could Adam Worth be the person behind these deaths? If so, what else was
he behind? If Posthumous Patty was indeed shipping out for Fair Haven,
than was Adam Worth connected to the smuggling on Fair Haven and thus to
the Solar League?

I thought like most Ptolemy City residents that Adam Worth's business
interests were solely focused on Hypatia. He owned hotels, bars,
restaurants, casinos, that sort of thing. Now I wondered if he was
involved in the Mark Antony Mines and the theft of the antonium.

No
wonder The Czarina was cautious. He could make things very difficult for
her if he found out my source. And he could easily guess my source.

We didn't stay much longer at Hey Diddle Diddle. It was getting late and
we had a shuttle to catch. I thanked The Czarina and whispered in her
ear before I left, "We'll be as discrete as we can. Call me if you
suspect any trouble. Call me day or night."

"I will," The Czarina promised.

Overstuffed with excellent, food, we made our way to the elevator,
pausing to look up at the transparent dome over our heads. The stars
shown brightly with no atmosphere to get in the way.

"Is this what space looks like, way out between the stars?" Josh asked.

""The interstellar ships don't go out into space between the stars," I
said. "They go through the jump gates long before they get that far
out."

"I've heard the Pantherans don't use jump gates," Josh said.

"They don't." I said, "Their star runners know where to insert
themselves into hyperspace and when and where to exit."

"How do they do that?" Josh asked.

"They just know," I said. "Some know better than others. Some can find
more insertion and exit points. I've even been with Captain Star Runner
when Star got through a very old jump gate that was closed. They know
how to steer their ships somehow."

"But how?" Josh asked, still staring up at the star field.

"They're bred with that genetic component," I said. "I think the
original genetic code was developed at the beginning of space flight and
now it is engineered into each Pantheran that will become a star runner.
A quota is filled each year."

"And Captain Star Runner was engineered that way?" Josh asked.

"Yes," I said.

"And they're particularly good at it?"

"They are," I said. "Some Pantherans think it's because of Star's color."

"Their color?"

"a fuchsia-colored Pantheran is quite unique," I said.

We missed several comings and goings of the elevator, just looking out
into space.

Star is out there somewhere, I thought. I wonder if I can see the stars,
or the light from the stars, where Star is traveling.

It was an odd thought. If Star were here, Star would point out the
location, if not the actual stars, for a constellation the Pantherans
call The Mother of Us All. Star believes The Mother of Us All protects
Star on Star's travels. When I questioned Star about this, Star said the
constellation was not the same as The Mother of Us All, just that the
constellation of a mother Pantheran signified their contact with the
divine.

My thoughts were still on Captain Star Runner when we entered the
elevator. Because the doors at the back of the elevator opened onto the
foyer outside the airlock to the shuttle's parking area, we did not turn
around to see Posthumous Patty and Dagger Dan step onto the elevator
behind us.
