# Junk Yard Blues #

When the elevator doors opened, the disembodied voice said, ""Thank you
for visiting Over the Moon. Please proceed directly through the airlock
to your shuttle. You will find it waiting on the launch field. We hope
to see you again soon. Have a pleasant evening."

Josh and I stepped off the elevator and walked several paces toward the
airlock.

"Not that way," a woman's voice from behind me said. "Go to your right,
through that door. Don't make a scene. I have a laser and I know how to
use it."

I stopped, ready to argue, starting to turn around.

A searing pain touched my wrist. I grabbed my arm with my other hand.

"Believe me now?" the woman asked. "Get moving."

I wondered if there were security cameras. Surely this person would not
try anything like this if someone was watching. Then again, this was
Over the Moon Spaceport. Were there any security cameras at all? Was
there any security guards anywhere here?

Josh and I walked toward an unmarked door. Where did it lead? What was
going to happen? I had nothing of value. Well, that was not entirely
true. I did have my ray gun for all the good it did me.

A man stepped in front of me and touched the door with the words "NO
ADMITTANCE" prominently displayed on its solid exterior. It opened. I
recognized him. It was Dagger Dan, holding a very wicked-looking knife.
No doubt the woman holding the laser was Posthumous Patty.

We all filed through. Josh and I walked side by side, not speaking, into
the corridor beyond. Gone was the well-heeled coverings on walls,
ceiling and floors. This definitely looked like a maintenance area. The
floor pitched downward. We were walking underneath the ground level of
the spaceport.

I live in a domed city. I have the sense of being out-of-doors without
actually experiencing the out-of-doors. I have been on planets which
have atmospheres which can sustain human life. It is a very different
feeling than being in the controlled environment of the dome. I've
experienced rain, wind and snow along with the variations in temperature
and moisture.

I have also been aboard spaceships, on space stations and in other
confined areas. Nothing prepared me for the sense of being in an
enclosed space. This was not a corridor. This was a tunnel. The ceiling
was not too far away. The walls, floor and ceiling were made of a
substance I guessed was the ground of Cleopatra. Perhaps someone just
dug it out.

The tunnel appeared to be long abandoned. Many of the light fixtures
flickered while others were completely broken. There was no sense that anyone
walked here. The most oppressive thing was the silence. No one knew we
were here. No one would ever find us.

Some time later the ground leveled out. There were lights above us, but
they were spaced far apart. Dagger Dan led the way. Posthumous Patty
followed. I assumed she walked with her laser ready.

Then the floor tilted up and we came to another solid door. This one had
no sign on it.

Dagger Dan swung it open.

"You first," he said, pointing to Josh.

I froze. What would happen next.

Josh walked forward. He was shaking, but trying to act nonchalant.
Posthumous Patty laughed, a hoarse, croaking sound.

"He's going to help you into a spacesuit, scarety cat," she said.

As I watched, that is what happened. Dagger Dan was efficient though
Josh was awkward, his fear making him stiff. I saw Dagger Dan checking
the seals, inspecting the gauges. It looked like he wanted Josh to
survive.

Next Dagger Dan called me. I tried to be relaxed, though donning a
spacesuit suggested we were going somewhere there where was no air to
breathe.

"Now you, Patty," Dagger Dan said.

Quickly Posthumous Patty -- it was her after all -- came into the room
and easily put on her spacesuit while Dagger Dan watched us carefully.
There was no way we could make a break for it. The suits themselves were
so awkward we could not have gone very far very fast. Dagger Dan could
be on us in a flash with his knife or Posthumous Patty with her cutter.

Dagger Dan suited up, closed the door into the tunnel and pressed some
buttons. The air left our chamber and another door opened.

"Out you go," Posthumous Patty said.

We stepped outside the spaceport.

Foolishly, I had expected to step onto the surface of Cleopatra beyond
the dome. Instead, we walked inside the dome on the ground of the crater
where Over the Moon is located. There was no atmosphere. We passed by
parked spaceships. Correction. We passed by abandoned spaceships. They
were clearly abandoned as many of them were dismantled, had hatches
opened or were resting at odd angles. We were in a spaceship junkyard.

I wondered when they would kill us and how. When would anyone find our
bodies? Did anyone come here any more or had they stripped these
vehicles already of anything useful.

The ground was uneven. We only had starlight to see by. It was bright
enough but neither Mark Antony or Hypatia rose in the sky to give us
sufficient light to see details. There were lots of shadows.

Then I tripped. I did not see the odd piece of metal in my path. In the
ungainly spacesuit, I could not recover my balance. I crashed to the
ground, flailing wildly. No one could hear my shriek.

Then everything happened at once.

Dagger Dan turned around to see what had happened behind him. Posthumous
Patty stepped forward to look at me. Josh ran.

The two kidnappers froze. Logically, one should have gone after Josh and
the other stayed with me, but that is not what happened. They left me
lying there. Perhaps they thought I would not, could not get up.

But I did. It was slow. These were not very flexible spacesuits. I do
not know a great deal about spacesuits, but I do know what gear Captain
Star Runner keeps aboard Star's ship and it was not anything like these
suits. They were very tough. They could withstand impacts, falls and the
like. They were also easy to put on, wear for a long time and take back
off.

I got myself up and looked around. No one was in sight.

I made my way carefully to the edge of an old wreck. I looked down to
see if I was leaving footprints. I was not. I circled round the wreck,
keeping it between me and where I had last seen Dagger Dan and
Posthumous Patty. I could not help Josh directly. The only thing I could
do is stay alive and free in order to get help to him quickly.

I moved from wreck to wreck, peering around each corner, looking behind
me frequently. I was alone. I could hear no sound. The vacuum of the
junkyard prevented that. As far as I could tell, no one had turned on a
radio. I worked my way toward the spaceport building but away from the
door we had used. I needed people, someone to sound the alarm to rescue
Josh and collar Posthumous Patty and Dagger Dan. I was definitely going
to press charges if I could or publicize their behavior especially to
the League of Hypatian Pirates. Putting two residents of Ptolemy City
into such danger without proper notice is frowned on. The messages I
had already received might constitute sufficient warning, but Josh had
not received any notices.

Then I saw it. A simple thing really. It was a modern recycler. In fact,
there were several. It was logical, placing them near the junkyard. No
one would complain when they were started up or while they sat full of
dirty dishes, laundry and other types of waste products. If the
recyclers were here, access to the spaceport must be nearby.

I began scanning the spaceport surface. There it was. I had a long walk
with no place to hide. I took a deep breath which made me wonder how
much oxygen these suits had available. I moved as quickly as I could,
reaching the door. I pressed my gloved hand against the access plate.
Marvelous. The door slid open and I stepped inside. The door closed. The
door on the opposite side of the airlock opened and I went through to
find myself in a large room where the refuse of the spaceport was
collected.

A woman screamed -- or at least I thought she did. I really could not
hear her but I saw the expression on her face.

I fumbled with my helmet. I did not know for certain how to get it off.

"Who are you?" she demanded a bit shakily. "You're not Ralph."

"No," I said. "I'm not. I know this is going to sound weird, but I was
kidnapped and brought into the junkyard out there. My friend got away,
but I'm scared he hasn't found his way inside."

The woman looked at me. I half-expected her to think I was drunk and not
take me seriously, but she was a very practical person and, I found out
later, someone who had worked a good part of her life in the belly of
Over the Moon.

"I'll call Jake," she decided.

Jake, it turned out, was the yard manager. The Yard turned out to
be all the parking area around the spaceport which was not filled with
breathable air. He assembled a team who searched the junkyard. They
found Josh hiding under a particularly mangled wreck. There was no sign
of Posthumous Patty or Dagger Dan. Apparently they disappeared when
their kidnap plan went awry.
