# Power Grab #

I reviewed the state of play as I hurried to catch my shuttle.

The York familyis willing to sacrifice its connection with the Benders
to play with Adam Worth but somehow Kearsarge ran afoul of him. I still
do not know how or why. I consider that to be the final puzzle in this
case.

To get evidence, The Czarina is going to talk to Captain Kidd. Capt in
Kidd may be able to shed some light on Posthumous Patty and Dagger Dan's
involvement. Knowing the Czarina, she may complain about the treatment
Josh and I received from those two, member pirates, on Over the Moon. Worth does not work with the League of Hypatian Pirates and
that might be a way to gather some evidence.

Josh will accompany The Czarina. Emily Dickinson is sticking to me. We
plan to gather at the Dollar Bay Drive house to question Arthur.

Â 

I wonder what the Parges would think when I arrived at their door in
Pimlico with Emily Dickinson in tow.

Mrs. Parge greeted him politely
while she exclaimed over my survival on Over the Moon. Simon shouted
from the other room for me to get in there quickly so he could put the
whole case to rest, collect a fee from my contract and put the entire
messy business behind us.

Simon's chair is mobile but he always acts as if it is bolted to the
floor. I wonder if the exercise of working the controls is too much for
him or he does not know how to operate it. The later seems possible, but
I think the truth of the matter is that he would appear awkward
maneuvering it in the house before guests. This way he can demand people
appear before him like the petty dictator he is.

"So you have a body guard now," Simon observed, seeing Emily Dickinson.
"Do you think you need one, little girl? If you kept your nose out of
trouble, none of this would have happened."

"I was hired to do a job and I'm doing it," I said, not rising to the
bait of being called a little girl.

"You didn't get to use your ray gun either," Simon said, continuing to
goad me.

"Not yet," I said.

"You'll find that your killers are Posthumous Patty and Dagger Dan,"
Simon said.

"I'm sure they did kill Kearsarge and Blake Redman," I said. "What you
seemed to have missed, Simon, is that someone hired them to both kill
those people and Josh and me, too. I don't take that lightly. I want any
attempts on my life to stop."

"If you let it be known that you believe they are the culprits, you
won't have any more trouble," Simon insisted.

"But I won't have fulfilled the terms of my contract," I said. "It goes
back to the messages, Simon. And Josh has not fully looked into that
aspect of the case. We've been busy with other matters. Now we're going
to run that down and see if we can tie everything up nice and pretty so
I get my fee."

"And I get my fee, too," Simon said. "With all my help, it should be a
hefty one."

I held my own counsel on that one. Simon had basically not been very
helpful at all. With my wandering around the western galactic arm, I now
looked at the people I met here in Ptolemy City with a new appreciation
for their parochialism. Ptolemy City was not the whole galaxy. No wonder
Captain Star Runner always returned to their ship and went places and
did things.

Was this Ronnie Camberwell thinking these thoughts? I hated space
travel. But I finally understood why Star found life in the city
confining, not to mention Star's fear of open spaces. Star was a
creature of space through and through.

I wondered that my mind still turned to Captain Star Runner when I had
so recently found Tara Lee to be so attractive. Perhaps when we were
finally able to spend some time together, the joys of her exquisite body
would replace those in my memory of Star's animal presence. I hoped so.
I needed to get out of this memory loop that continued to make my daily
life linked to Star's.

"Simon, stop badgering the girl," Mrs. Parge said from the doorway.
"She's been through a lot lately. Come to the table. Don't be a bother."

We ate. I told Mrs. Parge about the top level of Over the Moon, about
looking at the stars and about the glitz of Hey Diddle Diddle. Mrs.
Parge was thrilled. The Parges never went anywhere.

"I'm off to look at data," I said. "We're meeting the others in Dollar
Bay."

"Which others, dear?" Mrs. Parge asked.

"Josh Hardy and The Czarina," I said.

Simon sighed noisily.

"I love reading her blog," Mrs. Parge said. "You must tell her."

"I will," I promised, making a mental note to bring The Czarina here so
Mrs. Parge could meet her and The Czarina could have a meal.

"Thank you so much for your hospitality," Emily Dickinson said to Mrs.
Parge. "The pie was especially good. I haven't had such good peach pie
since I was stationed at Zeus World."

"The peach planet," Mrs. Parge exclaimed. "I've read all about it."

"Yes, ma'am," Emily Dickinson said.

We said good-bye and climbed aboard a caravan.

"Old Simon is as grumpy and narrow-minded as ever," Emily Dickinson said
as we settled in for our long ride.

"And getting more so," I agreed. "He was grumpier than usual. Mrs. Parge
took me aside to tell me how frightened they were to hear of my
kidnapping."

"He does have a heart," Emily Dickinson said. "He did a lot in the old
days to make sure people did not have to steal to feed their families. I
guess we all get reactionary as we age."

I was about to respond when my link buzzed with a priority message. I
made an involuntary sound of alarm when I read it:

Hope you enjoyed your meal in Pimlico. It's your last.

Emily Dickinson grabbed my wrist, twisting it to see the message.

He put his finger to his lips.

I understood. The caravan was the only possible way the sender of this
message could know where I had been. If that person knew where I had
been, that person would also know where I was going.

I wanted to ask Emily Dickinson if we should redirect the caravan or
even get out, but he made no move to do either. He just kept silence so
I kept silence, too. I did send the message to Josh and tapped out a
silent message to him for him and The Czarina to keep quiet on their
journey. If it was Adam Worth who was sending these messages, and I was
now more certain of it than ever, he would know our rendezvous would be
at 17 Dollar Bay Drive. Quite possibly he was going there, too. Well, we
just needed to be ready for him.

Emily Dickinson touched my sleeve, running his hand down my side. At
first I thought he was trying to fondle me, then I realized he was
searching my clothing for something. Belatedly, I realized it was my ray
gun. I reached into my pocket on my other side and produced the weapon.
He nodded and mouthed, "Be ready."

We exited the caravan several houses away from 17 Dollar Bay. Emily
Dickinson watched the caravan speed away to its next destination.

"I don't know if he can use the audio pickups," Emily Dickinson said,
"but he can access some of the other systems. You paid for the caravan.
HE knew its location and likely its destination. We will proceed
cautiously. Worth may be already inside."

"Can we trust the AI?" I asked. "It's pretty sophisticated."

"That depends on what Josh has done with it," Emily Dickinson said.
"Working with the Fungusian info is helpful but it's not the same as
knowing a system in detail. I will hand it to the pussy cat. Star always
was on top of the latest network tricks."

"I thought Stars AI did all that," I said, wondering again how easily we
fell into talking about Captain Star Runner.

"Some," Emily Dickinson agreed, "but Star had to be the boss to make it
do what needed to be done. Why Star once had to override a military AI.
I know from being aboard the cat ships that would not have been easy."

I wanted to ask Emily Dickinson more, about Star and about a
Pantheran warship, but now was not the time.

"So how do you propose handling the house?" I asked.

"Let's wait for the others," Emily Dickinson said while we reconnoiter
the house. It's a nice house, by the way."

"Is it?" I asked.

"Not much ground," Emily Dickinson said, "but you would expect that in a
domed city."

We walked all around, but found nothing outside to indicate the house
held a dangerous occupant, or any occupant at all.

As we reached the front of the house again, the caravan bearing The
Czarina and Josh arrived.

"We haven't gone inside yet," I explained. "We were waiting for you. We
can't tell if anyone is inside."

"Why would anyone be inside?" Josh asked. "You told Arthur not to let
anyone in you did not specify."

"We don't know if Worth has overridden Arthur's programming or installed
any Trojans," I said.

Josh frowned. This was his area of expertise.

"It's possible," Josh admitted finally. "I haven't had the chance to go
through every system. It would be easy enough to hide something in one
of the subsystems, say, refrigeration."

"I have something to add," The Czarina said.

I realized we had not asked about her interview with Captain Kidd.

"I'm sorry, Czarina," I said, "I did not mean to slight you."

"I don't feel slighted," The Czarina said though I knew she was lying.
And she knew I knew.

"William and I go back a long ways," she explained. "He was more than
happy to have a meal with me on the Terrace at Shepheard's. He
reminisced about the old days when he could afford to eat there every
day."

"Enough with the good old days," Emily Dickinson said, "what did that
old rascal have to say."

"Don't rush me, Eberhart," The Czarina said. "I'm getting to that. If it
weren't for letting him ramble on and on about past glories, I don't
think he would have told me anything."

"Three pitchers of sangria helped," Josh added. "I was sitting at the
next table nursing my carbonated water. Could that old guy put it away."

"Focus, people," I said, feeling like a schoolteacher with an unruly
class.

"Well," The Czarina said, letting us all know she was ready to share
something quite important, "William says the pirates are very angry.
They have heard about the theft on Mark Antony and that the goods left
the Pharaoh Star System on a commercial star liner. They believe they
are being cheated out of their fair share. Moreover, they are shunning
Dagger Dan and Posthumous Patty because they are not living up to League
standards by their attempted kidnapping of Ronnie and Josh. Josh and Ronnie
are doing well for themselves financially but the League considers you
both as service workers and you should not have been treated that way.
They are also upset over the journalist's death. He was doing his job,
too."

"That's good to know the pirates have my back," I said, "but does it
lead us anywhere closer to Worth?"

"I tried to get William to say something about that," The Czarina said,
"but he refused to speculate on who Posthumous patty and Dagger Dan are
working for. He said whoever it is, that person is trying to shut down
the League and none of the pirates  will stand for that."

Emily Dickinson whistled softly. "Than that's Worth's game, to make the
League irrelevant."

"Who owns the star liner?" I asked.

"Worth Enterprises," Josh said. "I looked it up."

Can he really shut the League of Hypatian Pirates down?" I asked.

"If he pays the pirates more and charges the people who want to hire
them less," Emily Dickinson said, "he certainly can. The high wages
won't last, of course."

So this was a bigger power grab than I thought. Worth wanted to
take over the Pharaoh Star System for his own fiefdom. The man was truly
crazy.
