Thoughts on the First Adventure
===============================

I think I first thought of Captain Star Runner in the winter of
2006-2007. That's a long time ago. I never finished that novela.
Instead, I started a new one with NanoWrimo and have written more
adventures, branching off to write some primarily focused on their
paramore, Ronnie Camberwell. Some stories have been more successful
than others. I have never successfully edited any of them.

At several points, I have started editing the first adventure with
disasterous results. I have tried plot summaries of chapters and
pulling out what I thought might be a shorter tale focusing on the
events which take place on Pirate's Cove. Again, the story line falls
apart.

Recently I read how Amazon has an idea for episodic writing.
Apparently the writers can submit three episodes and then go on from
there. It will be possible to charge people for future episodes. I am
not interested in that. I just thought the idea of 600-word chunks
might help me do some more writing. You would think a pandemic would
have helped my writing but it did not. Instead I focused on human
interaction and buying a new home. Not bad really.

So I thought I might begin again focusing on the first adventure but
in a different way. Instead of editing the original story, I might
re-conceive it with all the information I have gleaned about Captain
Star Runner and their universe.

Over the past few months, I have read the Margery Allingham stories
about Albert Campion. Allingham said she knew very little about his
background. We learn his first name was Rudolf and that he came from a
family with connections to royalty. At one point Allingham said he was
George VI. 

As silly as this sounds and as impossible as it would be to conceal a
real person's identity, it helps me to be confident that I don't need
to know everything about everything and everybody in my story. I can
dispense with all those character studies and world building
exercises. I'm not a professional writer. I'm just telling a
story I enjoy writing.

I usually do seat of the pants writing. I let the story go where it
will. In the case of the first adventure though I think an outline
would be very useful. Controlling this adventure might well help it
end up where it can connect to the rest of the corpus.

I think the first adventure does four important things:

1. Introduces Captain Star Runner, their mavrick status and their
   identity as a non-binary Pantheran.
 2. Introduces Gyllian Romeres Lujo, establishes her friendship with
    Star Runner and her connection to the nacent Alliance of Planets
    which I called the Consortium.
	3. Introduces Tamara and establishes her friendship with Star
       Runner.
	   4. Cements Star Runner's rogue status with the Clouder.
				  
I have been toying with the idea that the point of view character
might well be Gyllian, at least for the opening scenes. Star's own
narration is very egocentric and it may be important to the reader to
clearly understand what Star is up against. Star themself is very
circumspect about their own story from juvenile to smuggler. This is
in part because Star is still under a  termination order and in part
because Star themself is not at peace with their own decisions in the
events leading to the termination order. Eventually Star will become
more ambivalent toward theClouder and finally will be in
opposition to it, but this takes longer than the first adventure
	itself. What Star really wants is to go home, but that cannot
	happen.		
	
	For some time now I have been uneasy with Star's expression "The
	Race," to refer to all Pantherans. Originally  this came from the
	human race and Star's ethnocentric view of being the only people,
	therefore, The Race. With my growing awareness of racism, however,
	I do not want to use this word. Star may be prejudiced for their
	own species, but it is not a question of race which is an
	artificial construct. I therefore have searched for an alternate
	word or phrase. Star would not agree with me that they are a cat,
	but cats do offer a word. A group of cats may be referred to as a
	clouder. (I have also seen clutter and pounce). Pounce is
	attractive for its humor. A destruction of cats is a group of
	ferrill cats. Many in Star's universe would say that about
	Pantherans and may well in my writing going forward, but clouder
	will work. It is not in the online dictionary for Merium Webster
	so it is rare enough to work. So then it is the Pantheran Clouder
	or just The Clouder.
	
It is unnecessary to have a prologue. In fact, it would work against
the novel itself. Dirty World Station is almost a character and so its
history and characteristics can be worked into the story.

If I think about it, the Albert Campion books, even those written by
Mike Ripley, do not go deeply into character. There is no
introspection, only dialog and action. I have filled many pages with
STar's ruminations simply for word count. These are unnecessary and
probably detrimental to the story itself. These are stories that
should be told simply and without a lot of digressions.

I have started my rewrite without editing my initial updraft. I think
I am using third person omniscient as a point of view for the
narration. I am not completely happy with this style.

 1. The narration is a bit forced and sounds wooden at times.
2. There is not a lot of detail in order to keep the action moving.
3. It would seem that this style, adapted by Ernest Bramah and Margery
   Allingham, for example, relies heavily on dialog.

I have written a little intro I call
[NotetotheReader](#note-to-the-reader)where I imagine a future
civilization has come upon these stories and wonders if they really
happened. 

My idea here is that my own grasp of astronomy and scienceof space
travel  is very limited. This can be turned into an asset, making the
lack of details a feature rather than a bug as they say. If these
adventures cannot be located in space or time, they must stand on
their own as tales rather than a serious exploration of future history.
