# I Talk with Josh #

I remembered a boy with spiky hair and a love of anything technical. The
hair cut was trendy. The clothes were casual but neat. Josh Hardy
stilled loved his technology. He had hacked everything for as long as I
can remember.

"Hey, Ronnie," he said when he met me in his reception area. "Come on
back."

We entered an office which looked nothing like an office. Screens,
keyboards, cables and boxes, the nature of which I could not guess, were
everywhere.

"I'm still the same old Josh." His smile was self-deprecating.

"People still use keyboards?" I asked.

"Sure. They're easy and quite secure. If you speak, people can hear
you."

"You can't use thoughts?" I asked.

"We're not the big cats," Josh said, "but I guess you know all about
them. I hear you married one."

"No, it was a legal partnership," I said, and left it at that. Maybe someday I would tell Josh about
that time in my life but now was not that time.

Josh sighed. "Personal relationships were never my forte." Then, always
vivacious, he said, "I'm good at technical things and that's why you're
here."

"These messages were sent," I began.

"I've been looking at them." josh broke in. "You're working for
Kearsarge. That's cool. She's really hot."

"Hot?" I asked.

"You know, sexy, very cool."

I really had been out of touch.

"Right," I said. "The messages."

"Yeah, well, they're creepy."

"That's why I'm investigating."

"Oh, yeah, sure. Well, anyway, I can trace them for a little while and
then I run into a wall."

"You run into a wall," I prompted. My interview techniques were being
sorely tested.

"Ah, Ronnie, you know messages are passed through the communications
net."

"Yes, I do."

"I can follow them all around the star system," Josh said. "They took
quite a circuitous route, probably to discourage trackers. I'm good,
Ronnie. I can follow a trail like this. But then I can't trace it any
farther. It came from outside, but I can't figure out where. I can keep
on working on it, trying to crack the blocker, but you said it was
urgent."

Josh was crestfallen. Jamming Josh is the best legitimate hacker on
Hypatia.

"What do the pirates have to say?" I asked. I expected him to deny he
had sources within the League of Hypatian Pirates.

"I talked with them," Josh admitted. "They're just as puzzled as I am.
And that ticks them off. They don't like to be unable to eavesdrop on
someone else's conversation. They'll crack it. I'm sure of it."

"By then it won't matter," I said. I felt defeated.

"What do you mean?" Josh asked.

"These are death threats, Josh," I said. "I want to stop this guy. I
haven't a clue who he might be."

"And the marathon is tomorrow," Josh said. "Do you think anything will
happen during the race?"

"I have no idea," I said. "Kearsarge won't withdraw or even consider
protection."

"That's weird," Josh said.

"You're telling me," I said. "Who else can I try?"

"Ronnie," Josh chided, "I'm the best on Hypatia."

"Then where else can I go?" I repeated.

"Well, there's always the Fungusians," Josh said, "I hear they're the
best hackers in the known galaxy." He laughed. "Not that anyone knows
how to reach them."

I opened my mouth to say, "Captain Star Runner does," but I caught
myself in time. Star was gone. They couldn't put me in touch.

And then I remembered. My link was designed by the Fungusian Network.
Was it also designed with contact information?

"Let me try something," I said.

I touched the flower on my wrist. Admittedly this was a large gesture,
not at all subtle. Josh was surprised.

I said aloud, "Contact the Fungusian Network."

My visual display prompted, "Message..."

"Tell them to contact Josh Hardy because I need to trace some messages
whose origins are outside the Pharaoh Star System. Conventional hacking
is ineffective."

I sent it.

"You're wet wired?" Josh was incredulous.

"Yeah," I said. "I'm not good with the technology."

"And did you really send a message to the Fungusian Network?" Josh
asked.

"I think so," I said. "They designed the system so I figured they'd
have some sort of contact info built in."

"And they'll know who I am?"

I couldn't tell if Josh was still incredulous or pleased that the
Fungusians would know who he was.

"I'm sure your contact info was attached," I said. "I think this sort
of link has a micro AI built in."

"It would have to," Josh said, returning to the tech guy he was.

Wearily, I got to my feet. I could do nothing about the mesages until
the Fungusians got back to us--if the Fungusians got back to us.

"Thanks for your help," I said to Josh.

"I didn't do anything," Josh protested.

"But you'll send me a bill just the same," I said.

Josh's goofy grin returned. "Of course, I will. I have to pay for all
this stuff, Ronnie" He waved his hand around the lab.

As I reached the door Josh said, "You wouldn't want to go out to dinner
or something, would you?"

"No," I said. "I'm still not interested in guys in that way."

"Just thought I'd ask."

"No harm done," I said.

Josh and I go a way back and he always wanted to date me. I never wanted
to date him. He is not my type. At this point, I did not want to date
anyone. I felt that no woman could interest me much less a man. Star
Runner, with all flaws, was tough to match.

""But it didn't work," I reminded myself. Star is a creature of space,
uncomfortable planet side. And I would be happy if I never left Hypatia
again.

"Let me know if you hear anything," I said, "or learn anything."

"Sure."

