
# Simon Parge Tells Me About Fair Haven #

"Let me tell you about Fair Haven," Simon said, adjusting his chair.
 I knew I was in for a long monologue.

"Fair Haven is a planet on the Southern Frontier."

"I thought Fair Haven was in the Solar League."

"I'm getting to that," Simon said. "Just listen. Fair Haven is on the
Southern Frontier."

"I've been to the Southern Frontier," I commented. I could not help
myself.

"Have you been to Fair Haven, Missy?" Simon demanded.

"No," I said.

"Then you remark is out of order," Simon said. "Please refrain from
making unnecessary comments."

"Yes, sir," I said. Being contrite helps.

"Fair Haven is a planet on the
Southern Frontier. It is one of the oldest settled planets on the
Southern Frontier. As a result, it is near the Coalition border."

I wondered how far Fair Haven was from the Three Ravens Space Station. I
had been there during the Landscape of Thorns Adventure. (Note: This is
a Star Runner Adventure which is not yet published.) It was one of the
only pieces of information I possessed about the Southern Frontier.

Simon was saying, "Because of its proximity to the Coalition Border and
because of its early settlement, Fair Haven has been considered part of
the Solar League. It sends a representative to all League meetings but
is an observer only. They have voice but not vote which means, before
you interrupt to ask, that they can speak in all deliberations but they
have no vote. Given the ongoing closure of the border, I don't know at
this time if they are able to attend meetings at all.

"The arrangement of Fair Haven being outside the Coalition has suited it
very well. Some questionable activities have always been assumed to take
place there. Some have even called it Smuggler's Haven.

"But with the building of the Three Ravens Space Station, much of the
smuggling business is conducted there. Presumably Fair Haven can act as
a staging area for those willing to try to slip across the border with
cargoes and evade the patrols. There has been accusations that the Solar
League has turned a blind eye toward any vessel violating the border if
it hails from Fair Haven. The big cats want to patrol that portion of
the border but for the moment, the Solar League is showing some backbone
and is not amenable to their presence there."

I wondered what Captain Star Runner would have to say about the
situation. I supposed the Pantherans could bring their military ships
into the area any time they wanted. It was apparently politically
expedient for them to maintain the myth that they respected the wishes
of the Solar League. I decided to share nothing of my insights gained by
my time with Star and Colonel Gyllian Romeres Lujo who was high in the
Ministry of Defense for the AWP. I did not know how much
of what I knew was classified.

"Over time, Fair Haven has developed an upper class that considers
itself to be  royalty. As far as I can determine, no one is descended from old
Earth royalty on any continent. These royal families hold all the
political and to a large extent, the economic power. On the good side,
they patronize the arts and sciences. On the bad side, they constantly
bicker among themselves and from time to time there is armed conflict,
though they refrain from weapons which will cause mass destruction to
either populations or the environment.

"And lest you think that princesses and princes are all charming and
beautiful people," Simon said, pointing a finger at me, "they are not.

"I would not call their society medieval. It is from a later date than
that, but they prefer to live in a very definitely non-modern era."

"Like the holo dramas?" I asked, envisioning castles and knights in
shining armor. I always thought the women in these stories were
creatures who only seemed to care about marrying the right person to
advance their social program and what gown to wear.

"To some extent," Simon agreed grudgingly. "There are castles and fancy
dresses, but they are not as barbaric as to insist on riding horses
everywhere. They have state-of-the-art security systems, use the neural
net and practice the latest medicine."

"So their society prefers the social and political aspects of royalty
but does not cling to a particular time reference," I summed up.

There were places that did this, or so I had heard. They outlawed
technological advancements even to subjugating other people and refusing
them modern medical care. The Solar League brought charges against them
to the Coalition as human rights violations, but the Coalition was slow
to act. Their published reason was a policy on non-interference with
member worlds. Although Star never commented on this particular
situation, I suspected the real reason was that the Pantherans did not
really care what humans did to each other. They also did not want any
interference with their societal norms which were, in my opinion, quite
brutal tos the un gendered members of the Clouder.

"Here I go again," I thought, "thinking of Star and using Star's
phraseology."

"They don't have surfs or burn witches, if that is what you mean," Simon
responded.

"The thing I want to stress to you, Ronnie, is that the royalty of Fair
Haven do not want outsiders on their planet. You only go there by
invitation. Someone there would have to want you to investigate for you
to be allowed to go there. If Kearsarge gave you permission, you could
go. Otherwise, do not get it into your head to just take off."

"I'm home to stay," I assured Simon. "Space travel does not interest
me."

Of course, I did not know then what I was to learn later.

"Do you have any information about Kearsarge or Samuel Cornelius Mudd?"
I asked.

"Kearsarge, the marathon runner," Simon mused. "She took the Solar
League by storm. She was rated number two when she was twenty-eight
years old. Since then, her ranking has slipped."

"Since she came to Ptolemy City," I added.

"Precisely," Simon said. "That information, by the way, is not widely
known. Her family, a well-connected royal family, has not let it be
known that she lives here."

"She's running tomorrow," I said.

"Indeed she is. The smart money is not on her, according to my sources.
The three top rated runners from the Solar League have made it all the
way out here and she is not expected to win any medals."

"She's on Fair Haven's team, right?"

"No, she is not. She is running as an independent. There have been a
number of profiles about her: her chances at a come-back, rehearsing her
rise to stardom, promoting her as a princess wanting to regain her crown
-- that sort of nonsense. The reporters have not delved much into her
life here. In fact, they do not indicate that Sam Mudd is dead. He is
presumed to be tied up with the mining company on Mark Antony and unable
to be part of the holo shoots. The commentators are speculating if he
can get away for the race."

"But he's dead," I protested. "and she assassinated him."

"But the press does not know that, Ronnie. You know the local press does
not report on assassinations. It would be bad for the tourist trade,
especially now when everyone's here for the Olympics."

"Well, I suppose," I said. "By the way, was Mudd a royal, too?"

"Most definitely," Simon said. "He was more of a royal than she is."

"So why did he come here to manage a mine on Mark Antony for heaven's
sake. This is making no sense at all."

"No one knows for certain who owns the mines," Simon said. "You know as
well as I do that there is a company name on everything, but as to who
owns it--"

"I thought the Pirates owned it."

"That's everyone's best guess," Simon admitted. "But who exactly. You
don't think the League of Hypatian Pirates have the papers in their safe
at the guild's headquarters, do you?"

"I suppose not," I said, thinking it over. That would mean every pirate
that was a member of the guild would have a share in the profits. That
would make no sense at all.

"So perhaps the smuggling connection with Fair Haven is at play here,,"
I said.

"Altogether possible," Simon said,, "but is that relevant to your
investigation?"

"It could be," I said slowly, trying to think it through. "Emily
Dickinson told me it was an arranged marriage. That fits in with the
royal family angle. Don't they do that sort of thing?"

"Follow it through," Simon encouraged. He was now in mentor mode.

"OK, there is an arranged marriage between two royal families. It is
better for Kearsarge's family than for Mudd's, but she is not seen as a
threat. In fact, her running career could be scene as an asset. It would
give lots of positive press coverage, especially if Mudd's family is, an
excuse the pun here, a bit dirty in pirate business."

"Plausible," Simon commented.

"Suppose, and this is a real stretch," I continued, "Mudd's family has
an interest in the mine. Perhaps the Fair Haven crowd thinks the League
of Hypatian Pirates is defrauding them some how. They send a family
member to clean up the mess. Emily Dickinson indicated Mudd was brought
on to fix something at the mines. He brings his wife with him. They buy
a fancy house because they have family money and a stand-alone house on
Dollar Bay Drive is as close to a royal residence as they can get here.
They don't want to draw attention to themselves by having a separate
dome built elsewhere. Besides, he will be gone a lot on Mark Antony and
she needs to train and have stimulation."

"Makes sense." Simon spoke to keep me going.

IfEmily Dickinson's telling me the truth, and I think he has not told me all the
truth by a long shot, Kearsarge either is or became very vicious. He
used the word 'infidelity' but I'm not sure in what context. Sam Mudd
found out about it and was going to do something about it and she had
him assassinated."

"That does not hold together, Veronica," Simon scolded. "The royal
families bicker on Fair Haven, but assassinations are almost unheard
of."

"But this is Ptolemy City," I argued. "Assassinations are common here.
It's easy to hire one and they're effective. Sam Mudd should have simply
caught the next ship out of here and headed for Three Ravens Space
Station and home. If Fair Haven is as closed as you say,, he would have
been safe."

"Unless the folks back home are involved, too, somehow," Simon
speculated. "Once the contract was posted, they may have just let things
take their course."

"There's something else," I said, finding the threads still too knotted
to unravel. "Emily Dickinson said he owed someone big time. He came back
to Ptolemy City to fulfill the terms of the contract. So there must be a
connection between that person or persons and Kearsarge."

"Another triangle. I am coming to the view that you are right about the
Pirates being involved in some way. Emily Dickinson has done a lot of
work for them."

We were quiet for a time. Each of us was thinking, though my thoughts
were getting me nowhere.

"Not to bring up a sore subject," Simon said, "but do you think that cat
of yours could be involved?"

"Captain Star Runner is not my cat," I retorted, a bit more sharply than
I intended. It was a very sore subject with me and I disliked Simon
bringing Star up. "Star did work for the League and did become a member.
But Star is not in this area of space now. If Star did have any dealings
with Fair Haven, it is very much in the past. It is not a present
operation. It is conceivable Star could have been involved early on,
when Mudd first came here, but that is all I can imagine. Star is
basically a courier, getting goods from here to there extremely quickly
with no questions asked. For all I know, Star did a regular run to Fair
Haven, but Star would not cross the Coalition border."

"And why is that?" Simon asked, leaning forward. "I never understood--"

"That is Star's problem," I cut in. "I am not involved with Star anymore
and unless Star is directly involved, we need not speak aboutthem
anymore."

I was determined not to talk about Captain Star Runner to Simon and Mrs.
Parge

