# Sitting at the Police Station #

While I waited at the police station, the autopsy bots analyzed
Kearsarge's body for a cause of death. They concluded she died of a
heart attack but what, if anything, had brought it on was in determined.
Without a complete autopsy, we would not know. Kearsarge did not meet
the criteria for a murder investigation. Because of her address and her
recent assassination, albeit by contract, of her husband made her death
an "expected" one. The Rich and Famous took this risk when they came to
Hypatia. In fact, it was one of the documents they signed when they
stepped onto the Alexandria Space Station. Most did not realize this
since they routinely signed all sorts of documents when entering and
leaving star systems.

My dad simply wanted to know the players to make his job of policing and
safeguarding the service workers easier. Were there any new players in
town? Had alliances shifted. Was there more here than met the eye?

Personally, I thought so. I did not think her death involved the local
criminal element. If the League of Hypatian Pirates was involved, it was
strictly a contractual agreement.

My link buzzed me.

The legal review gave me the go ahead to continue to investigate. The
contract had a provision under which I was authorized and paid to
investigate Kearsarge's death. In this circumstance, I was to file a
final report to a legal firm on Fair Haven. Presumably they handled
Kearsarge's affairs.

I stood up and was about to find Dad to tell him when my link buzzed
again.

Kearsarge's death had been posted an hour ago. As a result, her legal
firm here in Ptolemy City was advised. Promptly they began executing
Kearsarge's last will and testament. To my absolute and total
astonishment, Kearsarge named me in her will. I now owned her house at
17 Dollar Bay Drive. Further, arrangements were made for an ordinary
person to be able to live there.

I forwarded all this information to my accounting advisor. My immediate
attention to this matter surprised me. It was not the sort of thing I
would have ever thought of several years ago. Captain Star Runner would
have thought about it and done it just as I had just done. A lot of the
Pantheran had rubbed off on me. In this case, it was a very good thing.

For the record, both accountants and legal advisors are highly efficient
and tailored programs. They are overseen by humans but people do not
look at contracts and last wills and testaments. Later the accountant
program would tell me the house on Torch Lake was free of all
encumbrances. Its maintenance fees, although substantial, could be
managed if I invested my whole earnings from Kearsarge's fully paid
contract.

Had Kearsarge expected to die and that made my fee as high as it was?

"Curiouser and curiouser," Dad said when I told him. "At least you
will be able to get inside the house and look around."""

I said, "Would you like to come."

A smile broke over his worn face.

"You bet I would."

"Shall we go now?"

"Later," he said. "Let's go in the afternoon and then we can go to the
Parge's and bring Simon up-to-date."

"That's a deal," I said. "I need to review some incoming information and
see what the sports world makes of all this. Simon will be on top of
that coverage, but I want to get a feel for what they are saying."

"Good idea," Dad said. "Meet you at three."

