# At the Elwood Diner #

The untidy woman was again behind the counter. "Hello, Ronnie," she
boomed. "And who is this handsome man you have in tow?"

"This is Blake, Theresa," I said.

I scanned her board. "I'll have the salad special. Blake's paying."

And with that I walked to the back to the booth Kearsarge and I shared
two days ago when she was very much alive. Long ago Simon and Dad
disabused of the idea I could change what happened after the fact. I did
not wonder if anything I could have said would have changed the outcome
of Kearsarge lying dead at Fifth and Elm.

Blake followed me slowly, looking around curiously.

"This place is different than anything around the hotels," he commented.

"It is different than other diners," I said. "It is all human run.
Theresa does the cooking."

"I have noticed that there is very little meat served in Ptolemy City,"
Blake said.

"Where would we put the animals?" I asked. "The atmosphere is poisonous
and there isn't any life here that anyone has found. Of course, no one
has looked very hard. Perhaps they live in volcanoes."

"Don't you worry about your part of the crust sliding into one?" Blake
asked.

"Oh, the surface is moving all the time," I said, "we just have an
infrastructure that takes that into account."

Blake again stared at me. "You are all crazy," he said. "I'll be glad to
be back aboard the Alexandria Space Station. I at least have confidence in
that not falling into a volcano."

"Or the North Sea," I said, giving him a wicked grin. "The acids in the
sea would dissolve the station within hours."

"And what do you folks do for fun around here?" Blake said, shuddering
at the picture of a space station dissolving.

"We conspire and we do away with people," I said, remembering our
conversation in the camel.

Theresa brought our drinks.

"Too bad about Kearsarge," Theresa said to me. "Going down to Green Way
Station at night is not a good idea."

"No, it's not," I agreed, sobering quickly. "Did she say anything to you
or anyone here about why she might be there."

"That woman told no one about nothing," Theresa allowed. "You ask me,
she was carrying a burden of trouble. I could never get her to talk
about it. You gonna find out who done it, Ronnie? Word on the street is
that Kearsarge left you money to do that."

So much for keeping a low profile. And so much for keeping this
information from Blake Redman, but I already thought he knew. Why call
me "Investigator Camberwell" and why follow me all the way to the Lower
Nile 
District for lunch?

"So what's your interest in Kearsarge?" I asked Blake Redman. "Is it the
sensational aspect of this case."

Blake sipped his coffee as it he had not heard me. He made a face.

"It's not real coffee," I said. "It's synthesized. We can't grow coffee
plants in our vegetable farms."

"This tastes different than what I've had at the hotel," Blake said,
"but it's a lot cheaper."

"The hotel coffee may be real," I said, "it's imported."

Redman put down his coffee cup deliberately.

"You're new at this investigating business, aren't you?" he asked me.

"I'm new as being a private investigator," I said. "I'm former police."

"It's a different game," Redman said. "People don't have to answer your
questions."

"In Ptolemy City, they don't have to answer anything," I said. "We keep
asking anyway."

"Right," Redman said. "Everything is different here. Well, anyway, you
asked a good question about Kearsarge, but you needed to sit on it to
get me to answer you. I'll answer you anyway and I'll give it to you
straight. After all, you knew Absalom Gebb was the Scotland Yard man in
Lady From No Where."

I inhaled the aroma of my tea and waited.

"There's a bigger story here than a marathon runner showing up dead in
an intersection," Redman said. "That is sensational and it will grab the
headlines for a cycle or two. But it happened to a runner who was fading
and it happen far, far away from the Solar League. Other events will
drown it out.

"I've covered that story for the Solar League Examiner. I've tried to
find out why. But I've also been investigating Kearsarge's family on
Fair Haven."

Our food arrived. We spent several minutes eating the hot and fragrant
food. Theresa was a good cook. She made a mean tofu breakfast scramble.

I knew very little about Fair Haven. My in depth background check was
overdue. Maybe Blake Redman could fill me in.

"Kearsarge's family lives in Cherry Vale. That's not a town. It's a
royal holding. Do you know what that is?"

"No clue."

"Kearsarge's family has sworn allegiance to the prince of the
Snowy Mountain Region. Cherry Vale is a subsection of this princely region."

Kearsarge was married to a lesser relative of Princess Jennifer."

"Samuel Cornelius Mudd," I offered. 

"Lord Samuel Cornelius Mudd,"
Redman corrected. "Kearsarge was properly Lady Kearsarge which is why
she went by Kearsarge. She's a York and Mudd is a Bender. These are very
old families on Fair Haven. I don't know why or how Lord Samuel's family
name got changed. It wasn't important to my investigation."

"What exactly are you investigating?" I asked.

"Smuggling," Redman said.

I smiled, pouring more hot water into my cup. "We know all about
smuggling in the Pharaoh Star System."

"Well, you do have the League of Hypatian Pirates. That suggests you
have legalized smuggling."

"Not exactly," I said. "We haven't legalized it. We haven't prohibited
it either. There is a difference."

"What have you found out so far?"

I thought Blake Redman might not answer my question because i was being
so direct. Again he surprised me.

"The York family is definitely engaged in smuggling goods from Fair
haven into the Coalition. I have good documentation on that. What is not
clear at all is whether the Bender family is involved. I rather think
they are. Why else would a younger lord of the realm marry one of their
daughters???""

"Ass an alliance" I suggested.

"What would be in it for the Benders?"

"Access?"?"

""To what?"

"A piece of the action, suppliers, buyers, routes, corrupt officials?"

"possibly. I think it is more likely that the Yorks learned something
about the Benders they could use as leverage."

""Blackmail then??"

"Precisely."

Three things came to mind which Emily Dickinson told me.

1. He owed someone big time so he had to come back to Hypatia to
execute the assassination contract.

2. He warned me off of getting involved with Kearsarge because of
some undefined danger to me and possibly him.

3. Emily Dickinson called Kearsarge a bitch.

Then another thought occurred to me. How did I know the person across
from me was either Absalom Gebb, Blake Redman or someone who meant me
harm?

"And you are telling me all of this because ..."

"You are an investigator looking into matters for Lady Kearsarge,"
Redman said. "I thought you might have some information that would help
me."

"Clearly it is you who have all the information," I said.

"My information is not specific," Redman explained. "It is about
families. It is not about individuals and it is not up-to-the-minute."

"And you think I have that kind of information?" I asked.

"I think you will discover this information," Redman said.

"And why should I share it with you?"

My tone was sharp which surprised me. I think of myself as easy-going,
live and let live, that sort of thing.

"I thought you would be on the side of justice," Redman said. "Smuggling
is illegal."

"Not here in the Pharaoh Star System." I pointed out. "The League of
Hypatian Pirates operates out in the open. You can walk right into their
offices."

"But I doubt they'll talk to me about my investigation."

"Have you asked them?" I asked him.

"No, I haven't."

"Why not?"

I didn't realize you could just walk up to a real pirate and interview
them."

"They might not talk," I said. "But you never know. I suggest we catch a
camel and pop right over there."

"You're on," Redman said. He was excited.

Personally, I doubted anyone at the League would talk to him, but then
again, they might. I figured the pirates would do a pretty good job of
vetting Mr. Blake Redman and then I would know if he was legitimate or
not.

