# Dinner at the Parges #

"Well there you have it," Simon Parge said after dinner from the
confines of his contra-gravity chair. "Posthumous Patty and Dagger Dan
Somebody knocked her off. You'll never prove it. But that's what
happened."

"But it makes no sense," I protested.

"It doesn't have to make any sense," Simon said with great finality.
"Criminals don't act rationally. You're looking for a reasonable
explanation to something that isn't reasonable."

"I think Ronnie has a point," Dad said in his non-confrontational
manner. "Either Sam Mudd or Kearsarge gave those two access to the
house. Why? No call was recorded from either of them at that late hour.
How reasonable is it to expect that Kearsarge would leave her Dollar Bay
Drive residence and travel to Green Way Station to meet either or both
of them? Wouldn't she call them to come to her?"

"Perhaps she knew they wouldn't come," Simon said. "Perhaps she liked
hanging out in dangerous places. I'd call this a wrap and move on. Talk
to them if you like, Ronnie, but you won't get anything out of it. Just
call the case done and enjoy your good fortune."

That was not the way I operated. I certainly did not think this case was
at an end. I had a bad feeling about it -- that there was something none
of us knew.

My link buzzed. I assumed it was Josh. Who else would send me a message?

But it was not Josh.

"Message sender unknown. Message reads: Stop all investigations or you
will die just like Kearsarge did. Remember the intersection of Fifth and
Elm."

I read the message aloud. No one moved. No one said anything. The
message hung in the air.

"I told you not to get involved, Ronnie," Simon said, breaking the awful
silence.

Simon always did have to justify himself. I had been surprised he was
not wangling for a part of my fee. It may be because he is not used to
the private investigation business.

"I told her to get involved," Dad said, more forcefully than he usually
did in Simon's presence.

While they spoke, I sent Josh the message and all the particulars I
had on it. I suspected the message came from the same source as all the
others.

Josh messaged me back almost instantly.

"I'm working on this as fast as I can. Even with the Fungusian
protocols, it is very slow going. BE CAREFUL!"

"Are you armed?" Dad asked.

"No," I said. "Up until now, I had no reason to be armed."

"I think that's your first order of business," Dad said. "You need to be
able to protect yourself."

"Against what?" I asked. "We don't even know how Kearsarge died."

"Some new kind of weapon," Simon grumbled. "That's the problem with law
enforcement here in the city. We're always one or two steps behind the
criminal element."

"This isn't a law enforcement matter," I said. "It is a private one
between me and Kearsarge's killer. We don't fall under the jurisdiction
of the Ptolemy police department."

Both my father and Simon Parge were quiet. This situation had never
happened before. Both their families had always been considered service
worker families. My new status made each of them uncertain how to
proceed.

"We need more enforcement around here," Simon grumbled.

"It won't happen, Simon," Dad said. "And it's irrelevant. Ronnie's
threat comes from a source which is both unknown and not even bothering
to conform to Hypatian norms."

"There's no assassination contract here," I heard myself say. "This is a
warning. If I walk away and don't ask any more questions, that will be
the end of the matter. I think, to that extent, I can trust the sender
of the message. If I stay away from them, they'll stay away from me."

"And you want to live like that?" Simon asked.

"Of course not," I said. "But everything they've done is legal in
Ptolemy City."

"You still need to protect yourself," Dad said.

I started to check out options. I consulted the list of possibilities
that scrolled before my eyes. I kept slowing it down. Finally, I just
read them aloud. Simon  shifted restlessly in his
chair, finding my recitation slow but unwilling to search with his tablet.

"I like this one," I said, reading the description aloud.

"Expensive," Dad said.

"Worth it," I said. "It has a good energy profile  and it stays charged
for a long while. The Ministry of Defense on the Northern Frontier
uses this model in the field. I'm not planning on using it. I'm just planning on
carrying it."

"What?" Simon demanded.

"Ray Gun 702," I said, not telling him any of the specifications. "It is
available now for pick up so I'm off to get it."

"I'll come with you," Dad said. "I don't want anything to happen to you
before you have it and know how to use it."

"Oh, I know how to use it," I said. "Colonel Romeres Lujo made sure of
that."

We got up off the couch while Simon was still demanding to know how I
knew Gillian.

"See you, Simon," I said from the doorway. I quickly found Mrs. Parge at
her kitchen table.

"Bye, dear," she said. "It's always good to see you."

"Thanks for dinner," I said. "It was delicious."

"I'm so glad you enjoyed it," Mrs. Parge said.

I wondered, for perhaps the first time, how pro forma our conversations
were. When had we stopped talking to each other about anything
consequential? Was it when I told her about Star and me? Or had I been
kidding myself for a long time. Did these people care about me at all?
Or was it just my mood? Would Simon tell her about the threatening
message? Would he tell her it was my fault? Would she believe him? Did I
care?

I was very pleased that Dad wanted to go with me to the delivery locker
on Lake Memphis Drive. I would be fairly safe in a caravan. The lockers
boasted extra security cameras and robo guards. Still, I could be
vulnerable. Would getting a weapon constitute not dropping the case?
Would it be perceived as provoking my unknown antagonists?

Dad got the call just before we reached the delivery lockers.

My brother Kevin said, "There's a fracas at the Treasure Chest. An
off-world journalist is involved. Does that mean I need to investigate?"

"Absolutely," Dad said. "We'll be right there."

We jumped out of the caravan. I dashed to the locker, punched in my
one-time code and retrieved the ray gun. As promised, it was fully
charged. We hailed another caravan and jumped in, giving the address of
the Treasure Chest. Keven would beat us there but there was not much he
could do on his own.

"Is Blake Redman covered under a service worker designation?" I asked
Dad.

"He works for a living," Dad says. "He has to go into difficult places
to do his job. I would think a writer for the Solar League Examiner
could broadly be interrupted as a service worker."

We did not have such news organizations in Ptolemy City. There were
people who published information on the neural net, but it was a very
informal arrangement. I made a non-verbal note to Susan to remind me to
check in with The Czarina. She might have some interesting tidbits. She
worked with Captain Star Runner when Star needed some information. Maybe
she would share with me, too.

Maybe, too, I could go back to Emily Dickinson. I knew a bit more about
the players.

When we got to the Treasure Chest on Hubbard Avenue, the brawl was in
full mayhem. Patrons turned over tables, chairs and each other with
great abandon. Glasses and pitchers of beer were either smashed or
poured over someone's head before being smashed. I saw one familiar
pirate both pour and then smash a glass on someone else's head. Another
pirate happily poured his beer on his own head. The fracas seemed more a
celebration of destruction than a an altercation. I wondered that the
police were summoned.

Dad found Kevin in the office with Captain William Kidd and Blake
Redman. Blake was holding a drinks napkin to his face. It was soaked in
blood.

"Hello there, Ronnie," Captain Kidd drawled when he saw me. "I dragged
your friend out of a situation." He grinned. "Posthumous Patty took
exception to something he said. She took out her laser cuter and you
know how she likes to play with it."

Dad said to Kevin, "What happened?"

"This guy," Kevin said, indicating Blake Redman, "started asking
questions. He's a reporter from the Solar League Examiner, or so he
says. Some folks took a dim view of him butting into their business. He
was talking to Dagger Dan Somebody and Posthumous Patty started waving
her laser cutter around. A few pirates challenged her right to do that
at the Treasure Chest. You know Animal Andy prohibits displays of
weapons in his bar. It got ugly fast and Captain Kidd pulled this
reporter up off the floor before he got trampled."

Reasonable," my dad said. "Good work, Kidd. I'd probably have to
investigate if anything more serious happened. Who is Andy going to
charge for the disruption?"

"He's hollering about everybody throwing in their share. He likes a
rumpus just as much as the next pirate. He'll have it all sorted in a
bit."

"Me," said Captain Kidd, "I'm slipping out the back. It's all too much
excitement for a man of my age."

And with that, he left.

"Dad next turned to Redman,"Do you need medical care? I can send you
over to urgent care."

"I should go," Redman admitted. "I haven't been involved in a brouhaha
like this in a very long time. I'm quite out of practice, sad to say."

I looked around the barroom. Animal Andy directed the remaining patrons
to mop, sweep up glass, right the tables and chairs. When everything was
basically back to normal, he'd provide a round and the good times would
roll again. I did not see either Posthumous Patty or Dagger Dan. Too
bad. I wanted to talk with them and this was the only place I knew they
frequented. Finding out where they flopped would be nigh impossible.
Pirates kept their residences, even if it was only a bed in a dormitory,
quite close to the chest.

I went back to the office.

"I can go with Redman," I told Dad. "Just let Urgent Care know we're
coming."

"That's fine," Dad said. "You'll be okay?"

He meant "would I be safe?" I said "Yes" and Red and I got into a
caravan.

"Well that didn't turn out very well," Redman admitted. "I thought my
interviewing skills were more subtle. I didn't expect someone to pull
out a laser cutter in a bar. Glad that old guy from the League office
was there. I think I'd be a goner if he hadn't grabbed me."

"Welcome to Ptolemy City," I said. "It's a mix of the frontier and the
playground for the Rich and Famous. Anything can happen and probably
will, sooner or later. Did you get anything helpful?"

"Dagger Dan told me he was not at liberty to comment on any question I
might want to put to him. That's a direct quote."

"And Posthumous Patty?"

"She came out swinging. She didn't bother to confirm or deny anything?"

"Anybody else say anything?"

"Nope. I saw them and went over to their table. I figured I'd buy them a
drink and we'd talk some before I asked them anything, but they started
reacting as soon as I got to the table. I never sat down."

"We'll need to look into them a little more thoroughly," I said. I
wasn't thinking of Redman.

"Are we cooperating then?" he asked.

I thought this over. "It might work," I said. "Let's get you fixed up
first."

Dad had called ahead so there was no difficulty getting Redman seen to.
We left there and went to the Palace Hotel.

"You mind coming up to my room?" Redman asked.

"So long as we're just going to talk about the case," I said.

"I don't mix business with pleasure," Redman said. "Besides, you're not
my type."

With that settled, we rode up in the conventional elevator to the sixth
floor. Redman's room overlooked one of Ptolemy City's many parks. I
forget off-hand which one.

"So," Redman said when I finished updating him, "someone is still
sending the messages. Posthumous Patty and Dagger Dan aren't talking.
Has your tech guy gotten back to you with anything?"

I had not noticed if I received any messages. I checked. There were two
from Josh, the second one sounded urgent. I realized he must think I was
in danger, dead or otherwise unable to answer. I asked Susan to ramp up
the notification signals and messaged Josh immediately. We set up a
voice link.

"Ronnie, I was panicked you didn't answer," Josh said when I was
connected.

"I'm sorry about that," I said. "Things got a little busy at the
Treasure Chest. I'm here with Blake Redman. We're trying to figure out
what to do next."

"I'll be over," Josh said. "I want to share with you what I've found
out."

9.Â Â Â Â  "That would be great," I said. "The more minds working on this
the better."

10.Â Â  
