# Mark Antony Mine #

The spaceport is located outside the Ptolemy City dome proper in
an area called the Levant. Sometimes it is referred to as the Tripoli
Spaceport by old time pirates who know the history of the League.
Captain Star Runner mentioned it once, but then Star has access to
databases replete with such information. Right now, I just wanted not
to miss my shuttle.

I just made the shuttle, sliding into the seat next to Blake. We could
not talk freely so we said nothing.

The shuttle has few amenities. It is just a caravan ride up to the space
station. We strapped in, lifted and made our way through the atmosphere
on a pronounced angle. The Alexandria Space Station is in a synchronous
orbit above Hypatia, but not in view of Ptolemy City so it does not
block the spectacular views of the night sky or the daytime views of
erupting volcanoes and swirling colored winds and snow.

We exited the shuttle. Blake was already standing there,   Blake consulting a screen. He frowned. \<

"No mention of our shuttle to Mark Antony," he said.

"It wouldn't be on that screen," I said. "That is for passengers going
out of the system. We go this way to the inter-lunar flights."

"Inter-lunar?" Blake asked.

"Sure," I said. The medical facility is on Cleopatra."

I did not mention the League's dilapidated station at Over the Moon. If
we could avoid that place the better off we would be. I knew Captain
Star Runner preferred it. There was less scrutiny there. Star made a
point that I was always dropped off here at the Alexandria Space Station. The
docking fees were much higher.

"Oh well," I thought. "Tact was never one of Star's gifts." It both
endeared Star to me and irritated me. I guess it did not matter anymore.

We found our flight. Gone were the upholstered chairs and cheery colors.
Everything about the departure area was utilitarian. You could hardly
call it a lounge at all.

We were the only ones on the flight. I knew it had to travel to Mark
Antony even if it was empty. The evening flight back would most likely
be full.

"Ever been to the mine?" Blake asked me.

"Never," I said. "I have never had a reason to go. Properly speaking,
the police have no jurisdiction there."

"I can't find out who owns the mine," Blake said. "No one seems to
know."

"I suspect a lot of people do know," I said, "they just haven't made the
information public. I've heard it's a consortium back in the Solar
League. They insist it is a holding outside the Coalition so they don't
have to register it."

"And in the Pharaoh Star System, anything goes," Blake said.

"Basically," I said.

"What about the miners?"

"There aren't any," I said. "It's automated. The employees maintain the
equipment and oversee the processing. Ships are loaded and the ore goes
out of the system. That's it."

"Are those people considered service workers?" Blake asked.

"I don't know for sure," I said. "They may have shares in the mine."

Blake shook his head.

"It's a strange business here," he said.

"But it works for us, most of the time," I said.

"I suppose," Blake said.

The shuttle deposited us at a dock where the ore ships were loaded. We
were in a sealed corridor. Beyond the walls we could here the machinery
running and the sound of ore being shifted. I realized there was vacuum
beyond the thin wall of the walkway and I shuddered. This was the part
of space which terrified me. I could pretend I was safe aboard the
shuttles, but not here. I walked quickly away.

As a schoolgirl I had seen a video about the mine. They put the ore into
big containers and loaded them onto freighters with cavernous interiors.
The antonium and other precious metals were refined and packed carefully
into briefcase-sized boxes. The freighters were all automatic. They
could take years to reach their destinations. The precious bars were
taken aboard couriers who piloted them through hyperspace quickly to
reach their destinations. I wondered how that was done with the
interdiction. Maybe the Coalition allowed some items through. Maybe it
was not a proper interdiction anymore. I had no way of knowing and for
the most part, it made little difference to me. There certainly was not
a slowing of the Rich and Famous coming to The Pharaoh Star System.

Charlie Dayton greeted us when we finally found his office. Apparently
he was expecting us. The office itself was surprisingly comfortable. It
possessed those holograms of windows with pleasant scenes depicted to
give the illusion that we were not deep inside the lunar crust. Dayton
chose pictures of a blue ocean with waves coming up onto a white sandy
beach. A sailboat was passing by. I wondered if these tides came in and
if the boat passed in and out of the frame over time. Star did not have
such pictures on the walls of the spaceship we traveled in. There had
been no art at all. Star had no need of it. Anything Star wanted to see
could be recreated in Star's brain by the AI Christabel. How strange
that anything relating to space always caused me to reference it by
thinking of Star.

"Thank you for seeing us," Blake was telling Charlie Dayton. "We have
some questions about Samuel Mudd and his wife Kearsarge."

Charlie Dayton looked uncomfortable.

"We know about your relationship with Kearsarge," I said.

Charlie Dayton looked embarrassed. "It was a stupid thing to have done,"
He admitted. "She was flashy, different. I found myself in the affair
long before I had even decided to do it."

"She manipulated you then?" Blake said more than asked.

"More like threw herself at me," Dayton said. "She was a wild thing."

"Rough," I said.

"That would be a good word for it," Dayton agreed.

"What about the assassination contract," I said. "Did you try to have it
canceled?"

"I did," Dayton said, appearing relieved to talk about it. "When I heard
about it, I went to her immediately. you have to stop this, I told her.
I can't lose Sam. But she laughed and said it would be all right. We
could be together and the mine would go on just as it had without him. I
didn't know what to do."

"You didn't try to buy the contract and cancel it yourself?" I asked.

"I only found out afterward that you could do that," Dayton said.

"How long have you lived here?" I asked.

"Ten years."

"And you didn't know you could buy an assassination contract?" I asked.
I was very skeptical.

"You don't understand, Investigator Camberwell," Dayton said, "I don't
get to Ptolemy City often--at least I didn't until I became involved
with Kearsarge and Sam Mudd. I came to Mark Antony to make money and to
save it. The pay is good. The opportunity to spend it here is almost
nil. I figured I could go back to the Solar League and have a decent
living on a backwater planet. It seems a very good deal. I don't even
have to know much about mining. I just have to make good deals on
selling the ore. I was doing OK with that."

"Until," Blake prompted.

"Until the antonium went missing," Dayton said. He sounded quite
miserable.

"Did it happen just once," I asked.

"Yes, but we had a large stockpile. The price of antonium had dipped. We
were waiting for a more auspicious time to sell."

"And now the price has gone sky high," Blake suggested.

"Scarcity will do that," Dayton confirmed.

"So what exactly did Sam Mudd do here?" I asked.

Dayton did not answer. We waited. He fidgeted with some objects on his
desk.

"Do you know why he was here?" Blake asked very quietly. "We heard he
was straightening out a problem and that he was very popular with the
other mine employees."

"There was a problem," Dayton said, "about salaries. I reported this to
the Board and they brought in Sam. He said the problem was resolved. I
expected him to leave then, but the Board said he should stay in case
there was another problem."

"And then the antonium went missing," Blake said.

"That's right," Dayton said.

"And then you had another problem for Sam Mudd to solve," I said.

"Right again."

"But he didn't solve it, did he?" I said. "He was killed."

"Yes."

Blake said, "Who is on the Board?"

"I don't know," Charlie said. "I don't know names. I've never seen them.
I send reports over the link and I get responses or directives."

"Can you tell me anything else?" Blake asked.

"Not really. I'm processing ore, extracting antonium and shipping out
the other metals. That's what I do here. I'm good at it. I've sworn off
going anywhere near Ptolemy City."

"Thank you for your time," I said, checking the time. We could make the
next shuttle off. We had a reservation.

We all shook hands and Blake and I walked back through myriad
passageways back to the shuttle. We said nothing to each other about our
interview. We did not know who was listening. In fact, we had no idea if
Charlie Dayton's office was bugged. If he wasn't checking for bugs, it
would have seemed strange for us to go over the room. And there were
lots of places they could have been hidden there. The windows alone
would have made a perfect hiding place.

I settled into my very uncomfortable seat. Josh would be waiting for us
at the First Cataract Lounge. Not only was it the first bar disembarking
passengers passed on their way to the shuttle departure area, it had a
fountain which looked like a waterfall. The First cataract Lounge was
very noisy and we thought it would be a good place to share our findings
before Blake boarded his starship back to the Solar League.
