# We Go Inside #

When I finished explaining to Josh and The Czarina, Josh said, "I think
I can disable the connection to the neural net. If I have to, I think I
can shut the AI down. The difficulty in doing that for us is that any
verbal commands will no longer work. I don't know how the house is set
up. Lights may not go on and off mechanically; we may not be able to
open doors, that sort of thing.

"Let's not do that if we can help it," I said. "I don't want to be
trapped inside."

"Do it if you have to," Emily Dickinson said. "This AI is a wild card I
don't like. These machines are very, very good but sometimes they
misinterpret the situation."

"OK," I said. "We go into the house. We stay in pairs. Czarina, you're
with Josh. Both of you, get out of the house at the first sign of
trouble. Get help if you can. Call my dad. Call Simon for that matter.
Call Captain Kidd if you think it will help. Just don't stay in the
house."

I turned to Emily Dickinson. "You're stuck with me. We'll go through the
house and see if anyone is waiting for us."

"I go high. You go low through doors," Emily Dickinson told me. "You're
younger."

"That's fine," I said.

Arthur let us in and reported the house was empty. Josh began going
through its systems, applying the Fungusian patches, checking for any
hidden subroutines, Trojans, viruses, worms, anything that could suggest
the AI was compromised. The Fungusian sniffers quarantined large
sections of the AIs code for further analysis, including setting up an
almost inviolate block to the neural net. Messages could get through but
they were analyzed to a fare thee well.

Emily Dickinson and I scoured the house level by level. We found nothing
until we reached the roof.

The flitter pad was visible from the doorway opening onto the roof. A
second flitter was parked there. I touched Emily Dickinson's arm and
pointed.

I mouthed the word "Visitor."

Emily Dickinson and I hesitated.

"Come, come," a familiar male voice called. "Don't be shy. You've been
looking for me. Now come onto the roof so we can talk."

The voice belonged to Adam Worth. I had heard his voice for years at
civic events throughout the year in Ptolemy City. It was Adam Worth who
gave me a metal for high marks in completing my police study. I took the
standard Solar League tests and scored in the top one percent. That
elite group each received a medal. It was still in a box back at my
flat.

Emily Dickinson gestured. We backed away from the doorway.

As much as I wanted to confront Adam Worth, I did not want to die under
mysterious circumstances.

I messaged Josh. Emily Dickinson and I hurried down a staircase we
noticed when we got off the bounce tube going up. We heard footsteps behind us.
The bounce tube might have been faster, but if the column of air did
not gradually lower us down, we would fall all the way to the bottom.

Neither Emily Dickinson nor I was in good enough shape to run all the
way downstairs. Both of us were gasping for air halfway down. Worth's
footsteps came closer.

And then the very thing I feared happened. The lights went out.

I almost stopped moving down the stairs, but Emily Dickinson whispered,
"Keep going. Hold the railing."

I did as he instructed. Down I went in the darkness.

And then the fire alarm sounded. Flame suppressant foam dropped on us
from vents in the ceiling. We had to go very slowly down the stairs as
not to fall.

The beeping hurt my head. The word **fire** was insistent and
crazymaking. When would it stop? The fear of being pursued
by Adam Worth almost receded from my mind. We were in a burning building
and I could not see to find my way out.

At last we came to the last step and I groped for the door. It was open.
I expected it to be closed. This area should have been sealed off. All
doors are closed by a house AI when there is even a threat of fire.

Gratefully, I walked through the door. The gel was still spilling from
the vents. I made my way into the foyer.

Josh grabbed my hand and pulled me to the front door.

"This way," he said. "Emily Dickinson grab Ronnie?"

"I'm coming," Emily Dickinson said. "Worth is behind us."

"I know," Josh said. "It's all right."

When I stepped outside the door, I saw Kevin running toward me. He
brushed past me into the house.

"Adam Worth, you're under arrest," he called, "for the murders of
Posthumous Patty and Dagger Dan."

I stared at Josh.

"Can someone be arrested for murdering a pirate?"

"They're not pirates anymore," Josh said. "They were dropped from the rolls
after Captain Kidd lunched with the Czarina and got the full story  of our kidnapping."

"Why?" I asked. This was all so confusing.

"Because the pirates like you," Josh said. "It's as simple as that."

"Did you know about this before?" I asked.

"I just found out," Josh said.

"And they were just found?" I asked.

"Yes," Josh said. "They were found on the street, too, just like
Kearsarge."

Just like Kearsarge. Just like Blake Redman.

"Kevin," I screamed and ran back into the house. Adam Worth had a way of
killing people which left no sign of murder. My brother was in grave
danger.

Emily Dickinson and Josh were right behind me. I grabbed my brother who
was about to reach for Worth.

"No, Kevin," I cried. "Stay clear."

Emily Dickinson raised his blaster.

Adam Worth laughed. "I didn't get you the first time," he said, "but
I'll get you now." And he raised his hand with a small device in it.

Emily Dickinson blasted him on low power, running a beam of energy up
his arm. Adam Worth screamed and dropped the device. I reached down to
pick it up.

"No, sis," Kevin said, grabbing it with his handkerchief. (Kevin is one
of those men who always has a handkerchief ready for any emergency. It
amazes me.)

Josh stepped forward and grabbed Worth's injured arm, hard. The tycoon
screamed again.

The Czarina walked in and took both Worth's arms and pulled them behind
his back. She began tying them together with her chiffon scarf.

"Let me, Czarina," Kevin said, producing handcuffs

"I can't be arrested," Adam Worth said. "Do you know who I am?

"Yes," Kevin said. "Adam Worth, you are under arrest for the murders of
Posthumous Patty and Dagger Dan."

Two uniformed police officers burst into the foyer.

"Take him to headquarters," Kevin said.

"No," Josh said firmly. "The caravans are compromised. I'm crawling the
neural net right now. There's malicious code all through the caravan
system. Does anyone know how to operate one of them manually?"

"I do," The Czarina said. "I'd be happy to drive Mr. Worth down to
police headquarters. Perhaps, Mr. Worth, you'd like to give me a
statement for my blog."

"My arm," Worth said again. "I need medical attention. You can't deny me
medical attention."

"Now that's just a scratch," Emily Dickinson said. "If I wanted to
really hurt you, you wouldn't have an arm at all."

"The fire," I said, hearing the alarms again for the first time. They
had been ringing throughout this event.

"Sorry," Josh said. They shut off. "It seemed the best distraction I
could come up with on short notice."

"There's no fire?" I said, totally shocked.

"None at all," Josh said. "I got your message and thought the fire alarm
would be the best distraction. It was one of the systems in the house
that had not been tampered with. This AI is riddled with malicious code.
The Fungusian utilities are clearing it out pretty quickly though now
that they know what to look for. I'm getting
in touch with the city to see if I should loose it on the caravan
system."

"No," screamed Worth. "You can't do that. It's mine."

"Afraid not," Kevin said. "It belongs to the people of Ptolemy City. I
think you've been working against us, Mr. Worth."

"I'll have your job," Adam Worth yelled. "I'll--"

We did not hear the rest. The uniforms had him outside and were frog
marching him across the lawn to a waiting caravan. The Czarina had
already opened a compartment and was making adjustments in the driving
mechanism.

All set?" she asked. "Next stop, police headquarters."

And they were gone.

"Dad's waiting," Kevin said. "Maybe you can explain this all to me?"

"It's a long story," I said, "but I'll tell you. It's a good long ride
back to police headquarters. Josh, can you find out how to drive one of
the caravans?"

"I can do us one better," Josh said. "The little AI in the flitter on
the roof is clean. We can fly."

By the time we got to police headquarters, there was quite a crowd.
Besides driving the caravan -- I must ask The Czarina one day where she
learned that skill -- probably in her days before being The Czarina --
The Czarina interviewed Adam Worth live. The video played through the
Pharaoh Star System and got very high ratings. It basically revived The
Czarina's career which had been languishing. Worth talked, trying to
convince her that he was justified in pursuing me, Josh, Posthumous
Patty, Dagger Dan,  Blake Redman and even Kearsarge herself.

"The part I don't understand," The Czarina said, "is why you killed
Kearsarge."

"That one," Adam Worth said. "She was, if you will excuse the
expression, a bitch on wheels. She told me if I did not leave her alone
she would hire that washed up assassin Emily Dickinson to take me out.
Can you imagine someone having the nerve to threaten me? She did not
appreciate who I am. She wasn't like long-time residents of this fair
city of ours. She didn't realize all the good I do for Ptolemy City and
the Pharaoh Star System. She wanted to have me assassinated for just
doing my job."

"And what job would that be?" The Czarina asked, making an unorthodox
turn onto the Valley of the Kings and paralyzing the caravan system for
a radius of seven blocks in all directions.

"Making the Pharaoh Star System profitable," Adam Worth said.

"And how are you doing that?" The Czarina asked, tapping the horn. It
sounded like an elephant trumpeting. She was, after all, driving the
large vehicle known as an elephant. None of the residents of Ptolemy
City knew the vehicle had a horn. Children cried. Pedestrians gave the
vehicle a wide birth.

"I'm getting a good price for my antonium," Adam Worth said. "The market
was very depressed. I needed to find a way to increase the price.
Dealing with the York family on Fair Haven means I get a better price
through them than I did on the legitimate market."

"But you killed one of their family members," The Czarina said.

"Oh," Adam Worth said, "they'll get over it. It's money that matters.
Everyone knows that."

"And these messages that were sent to Kearsarge and Ronnie Camberwell,"
The Czarina said.

Worth laughed. "They were fun to write," he said. "Those two got all
upset when they received them. I had such a good time imagining how it
would be to kill them the way I described it in those messages."

"But that's not the way you did it," The Czarina said, turning onto the
street in front of police headquarters.

"No," Adam Worth said. "I did not want anything to be traced back to me.
I have this topical spray. spray it on. The chemicals get absorbed
through the skin and voila. The person drops dead of a severe heart
attack. Very simple. Very natural."

If Adam Worth thought his interview would help his standing in the
general community, he was sadly mistaken. Placards called for his
immediate removal from all civic boards, for the restoration of privacy
on caravans and for the League of Hypatian Pirates to be free to
operate. It was going to be difficult to find anyone on Hypatia who
could act impartially in this matter.
