# The End of the Story #

More revelations about Adam Worth's conduct came out as Dad's investigation widened. I was able to participate in a small way, looking
through the data for more information about Kearsarge. I continued to be
paid.

The tension between Adam Worth and Kearsarge revolved around the deal
Worth struck with the York family. The Yorks wanted a larger cut. With
Sam Mudd out of the picture and the Mark Antony Mines seeking to build
op its supply of antonium, Adam could not coerce the Yorks into honoring
their contractual agreement. They literally possessed the antonium and
threatened to cut Adam Worth out entirely. He responded by sending
Kearsarge the messages and finally luring her to the River District.
We never found that message.

This was the first serious indication of Adam Worth's deteriorating
grasp on reality. Prior to Mudd's assassination, he operated
conservatively, but the antonium heist seemed to put him over the edge.
Tendencies toward psychopathy blossomed into full psychosis. He tried to
eliminate everyone in his way. He turned against Dagger Dan and
Posthumous Patty because of their failure to eliminate Josh and me.

Tara Lee was able to put the finishing touches on her investigation of
Blake Redman's death and declare it murder.

With her new notoriety and contacts both on the Southern Frontier and
the Solar League, The Czarina offered me a good price for the house on
Dollar Bay.

"And don't be a stranger there," The Czarina told me though she and I
both knew I would not be a frequent visitor. We both knew we would keep
in touch, have the occasional lunch on the Terrace at Shepheard's Hotel.
The Czarina would be a useful source of information to me in future
investigations and The Czarina would come to me to see if I could verify
particularly juicy bits. She never did tell me how she learned to drive
a caravan.

I have heard Captain William Kidd moved in to the Dollar Bay house
recently. They make a fine couple. Captain Kidd goes down to the League
of Hypatian Pirates office every day. He must bring some interesting
tidbits of home every evening for The Czarina to work into her posts.

Emily Dickinson took the money I paid him and left the Pharaoh Star
System. I'll be back some day," he told me. "Bad pennies always show up
again. I just want to have some time to make sobriety a habit. I can't
do that here."

Josh and I settled into a comfortable friendship. He used his newly
found expertise with and contact in the Fungusian Network to have a even
more successful neural net business throughout the Pharaoh Star System.
Many of the Rich and Famous came to him to design and install more
secure systems. Some of the more well-to-do League members came to him,
too.

Josh worked to straighten out the caravan code, making it more secure
and making sure no one else could use it to track individual cars or
listen in on conversations in progress.

As more and more revelations about Adam Worth came out and as The
Czarina reported on them to wider audiences, word of his shenanigans
reached farther afield. At first it was a local story. Then it spread to
Fair Haven. Quickly it dominated the headlines on the Southern Frontier.
Because of its connection to Blake Redman and the Solar League Examiner,
it became big news there, too. The Coalition became involved when the
extent of Worth's plans to dominate the antonium market became known.
The judiciary called on Hypatia to extradite Worth to Coalition space.
Worth fought the extradition. He said there was no legal agreements
between the Pharaoh Star System, the Solar League and the Coalition.

Simon Parge told Dad he thought there was an agreement and although it
was never found,, when the Pantheran warship arrived in system to take
Adam Worth away, no one opposed it.

"It's a bad precedent to set," Simon Parge grumbled to me one evening,
"letting the cats just waltz in and take someone away, but we're well
rid of Adam Worth. I never did like him."

I took this last comment with a grain of salt. Previously Simon sang
Worth's praises as an outstanding businessman, community leader and
benefactor.

"I finally figured out how Blake Redman was killed," Tara Lee  told me
the last time she shuttled down to visit me. "That
device Adam Worth had when you arrested him--I think he had a similar
one in Redman's locker. It just sprayed him.

"Why wasn't there any evidence of it in the locker?" I asked.

"I think someone took it out immediately afterward," Tara Lee said. "Our
surveillance of the area is good, but it doesn't focus in on what anyone
is doing with any given locker at any given time. I'm looking for
funding to change all that, but people are uncomfortable with the idea
that someone reviewing or monitoring the camera feeds would be able to
identify what they were putting in or taking out of the lockers. They
think it will enhance their risk of robbery or bodily harm."

"I suppose it could cut both ways," I said. "You would have to be really
certain about your people and make sure the feeds were all locked down."

"The people I can be sure of," Tara Lee said. "The recordings and the
live feed, not so much. For every security measure there is a hack."

"True enough," I said. Josh had recently told me a very complicated story
about a bracelet, a dog and a hack.

When I finally wrapped up the Kearsarge investigation, I thought that
would be the end of my career as an investigator. It turns out there are
lots of things which need investigating in Ptolemy City.

Animal Andy is having a problem with bad payments at the Treasure Chest.
He wants me to find out what is causing them.

The folks at Hey Diddle Diddle want me to look into a couple who dine
there regularly. Their payments register as genuine when they make them,
but when Dandy Randy, the manager of Hey Diddle Diddle, reconciles his
accounts, he has snot received payment. Even the record of what the
couple ordered is missing. These two cases could be related, but the
people making the transactions are different.

I'm well-received in the pirate community. Why just the other day I got
a call from a well-known pirate -- I cannot reveal a name --- asking me
to accept a retainer.

"You never know when you'll need a top-notch investigator," the pirate
said.

The pirates themselves are gaining in acceptance in Ptolemy City. Under
the sway of Adam Worth, people were starting to think the Pharaoh Star
System's history of piracy was coming to an end. Legitimate business was
the way to go. Now the League of Hypatian Pirates are seen as reasonable
brokers who treat their customers well and operate, for the most part,
above board.

I am still living at the Womyn's Cooperative Housing Authority. I jumped
at the chance to sell the Dollar Bay Drive property to The Czarina. I
realized it was way too much house for me and it was too far from the
Tenderloin.

I am sitting here on my balcony, looking out over Lake Memphis. It is
late. Most of the city lights are turned off. Only street illumination
remains. This high up I can see the spots on Shepheard's Hotel, but most
of the lights from the rooms are out or the privacy screens have been
lowered. Ptolemy City is, for the most part, asleep.

I am watching the light from the many explosions which regularly occur
on Hypatia outside the dome. Red and yellow snow is falling. The wind
sweeps it off the surface of the dome. Stars shine down. I cannot see
either moon. Mark Antony must be chasing Cleopatra on the other side of
Hypatia.

I like sitting here in the dark, watching a familiar sky. Ptolemy City
is my place. I can be at home here, content with my life and with the
people in it. So many people come here to the Pharaoh Star System
seeking their fortune. Most of them are disappointed with their lives
before they come. Some are coming for financial opportunities. Some come
to escape someone else, some situation, some even come to escape the
law. Many also leave the Pharaoh Star System. It is not the panacea they
expected. They go back to the Solar League to make a new beginning
there.

I think some more about Tara Lee. She has been successful here. But is
she running from something? Will she stay? I have had no indication she
is thinking about leaving though she has talked about taking a holiday
outside the system. She wanted to know if I was interested in going to
Three Ravens, the large, sprawling space station on the Southern
Frontier.

"I've been there briefly," I said. "I don't much care for space travel."

"Oh," she said and I thought she sounded disappointed, but she changed
the subject quickly and we have not talked about it since.

Maybe I should go inside. Staring at the stars always makes me think
about Captain Star Runner. Where did they always indicate the Mother
of Us All was?

The End
