## The Scope of the Mission

It was bad. In fact, it was terrible. As General Lincoln had outlined,
her objective was to bring the Alliance of Three Planets into the
cooperative relationship of the Alliance of Planets and The solar
League. She had freedom to act. She had a limited budget. She always
had a limited budget. She always overran her budgets and sooner or
later all expenses were met. She had been given no staff. She had Sam,
of course, but a terse note said,

>  You have demonstrated a willingness and success with non-military
>  personnel. You are strongly encouraged to make use of these
>  contacts in pursuit of this mission.

Non-military personnel. Her superiors were thinking specifically of
Captain Star Runner, the fuchsia-colored Pantheran&#x2026;. Captain
Star Runner had a starship, a rather advanced starship not to put too
fine a point on things. Star Runner's on again off again lover, Ronnie
Camberwell, was working as a private investigator on Marathon itself.
The Czarina, a well-loved gossip blogger was already there along with
her new flame, Captain William Kidd, a retired League of Hypatian
Pirates official. Josh Levins on, a security expert, had return to the
Pharaoh Star System to conduct his business out of Ptolemy City. That
left Eberhard. She would have to find out where Eberhard was now. He
did not typically stick around the Alliance of Planets much. He was
probably back in Ptolemy City, too. The lack of laws there made it
easy for him to operate as a hired assassin from time to time and to
perfect his comedy sketch as Emily Dickinson. He had some rough
patches as a resident of Ptolemy City, but it was a forgiving place.

Gyllian sighed. The first thing to do was to contact Star. She gave
Sam instructions.

"I have no idea where Captain Star Runner is," Gyllian told him. "Just
find him and tell him I need to speak with him."

"And if Captain Star Runner asks why, what should I tell him?" Sam
asked. Sam did not like speaking with the Pantheran free lance
operator. For one thing, Pantherans spoke to human beings in a
breathy, high voice which had a tendency to produce a squeak that was
hard on the ears. Sam, like most human beings, had an almost genetic
aversion to Pantherans. They were the race that had the upper hand in
the Coalition. It was the desire to escape that upper hand, more
accurately called the upper paw, that had brought Sam's family to the
Northern Frontier in the first place. Sam had joined the military to
fight any encroachment of the Pantherans over the border. In short,
Sam did not like Pantherans. He had never met Captain Star Runner.
Gyllian doubted he ever would. Captain Star Runner might be an asset
to the Ministry of Defense, but they would never admit it nor would
they invite Captain Star Runner to their facility.

"Tell Captain Star Runner I need his expertise," Gyllian said. "I will
pay for that expertise. Ask him if he can accommodate me."

With luck, Captain Star Runner would not be halfway to Half Moon Bay
Space Station in the adjoining galactic arm. Recently the
fuchsia-colored Pantheran had returned from a highly profitable trip
there. With Captain Star Runner's exceptional ability to find his way
through hyperspace, Star Runner had found a very expedient route which
made regular visits back and forth feasible.

Now to contact Eberhard. Her text was short and to the point:

>  Eberhard, can you work with me?

Eberhard called her five minutes later.

From her wet wire display, Gyllian saw tables and chairs with spacers
talking, eating and drinking. It looked familiar.

"Where are you?" she asked.

"Baker Street Lounge," Eberhard replied.

"On Dirty World Station?" she asked.

"The same," he replied.

"It looks the same," she said.

"It looks like it has not changed since the day it was fabricated,"
Eberhard said. "I do not think the coffee pot has ever been emptied
either. I think I am drinking some of the coffee from the original
pot."

"What are you doing there?" she asked, then said, "Never mind. I do
not think I need to know."

"You do not," Eberhard said. "What do you need?"

"Intelligence," Gyllian said. "Is this line secure?"

"As secure as I can make it," Eberhard said, "which is pretty secure
if you ask me. Noting is perfect, of course."

"Of course not," Gyllian agreed. "Here is what I need. I am to go back
and talk to the people in the Confederation of Three Planets. I know
the Pantherans were trying to follow us there. I need to know what
they are doing, if anything, about finding out where we went and why.
I need to know what they know and what they want to know."

Eberhard whistled softly. "That is a tall order, Gyllie."

"I know. But you have resources I do not. You have ways of finding out
information I do not."

"Agreed," Eberhard said. "I can wander about, ask a few questions, and
listen a lot."

"Good. I need this information as soon as I can get it."

"Talking about the cats can lead to trouble," Eberhard observed.

"I know," Gyllian said. "There is compensation, of course."

"Of course," Eberhard said and rung off.

Good. That was done. Without checking, the Alliance would not have
anything. She would have to ask her counterparts in The Solar League.
It was very dangerous for them to talk about certain subjects.
Pantheran surveillance was everywhere. They pretended to be in the
forefront of open and frank conversation between the different races
of the Coalition. Over time, everyone had learned the Pantherans used
the Coalition to control other races. They thought of themselves as
ruling this part of the western spiral galactic arm. They had been an
out of the closet empire previously. Now they used the myth of an open
Coalition.

And they were good. Despite everything, peace had prevailed. All the
races did not suffer interracial violence. There were no external
threats, at least right now. The problem was, the Pantherans watched
and listened. Nothing was below their notice and they wanted
everything done their way. They intimidated their way to dominance. It
was a word here and a word there and a threat somewhere else.

Gyllian often wondered how they managed it. She thought she knew
Captain Star Runner well. Star Runner was many things, but Star Runner
was gullible and easily manipulated. She wondered how Star Runner's
engineering varied from the military planners and the diplomats. Star
Runner was just that, someone who ran a starship, piloting it safely
through hyperspace where ships could be easily lost and never return
to normal space.

Sam stood in her office doorway. He could have reached out and
notified her through her wet wiring, but Sam always took opportunities
to get out of his chair and move around. Sam said, "Captain Star
Runner is available to speak with you."

"Go ahead Star," Gyllian said.

The fuchsia-colored Pantheran appeared to her. He was stretched out on
his acceleration platform,. A turquoise haze enfolded him. This was
the upgraded acceleration web. No more hammock. Gyllian was still not
used to looking at Captain Star Runner through the haze. She supposed
it told her Captain Star Runner was underway.

"You had a business proposition for me," Captain Star Runner said.

To the point as always. Captain Star Runner considered profit to be
very important. Maybe if she was so dependent on technology she
literally could not live without it, Gyllian would be as concerned
with money as Captain Star Runner was.

She said, "Yes, I have a mission with the Confederation of Three
Planets. I wondered if you would contract with me to take me there and
provide whatever support you can."

"That is fairly nebulous," Captain Star Runner said. "I understand
passage to and from that star system."

"I do not know what I may be called upon to do there," Gyllian
explained. "I need a ship and a pilot. Can you do that for me?"

"Am I a part of your mission?" Captain Star Runner asked.

"I cannot say for certain yet," Gyllian replied. "It is still early
days."

"Is the Empire involved?" Captain Star Runner asked.

"I do not know that either," Gyllian said. "My instructions are to go
to the Confederation of Three Planets and open up a dialog with them.
We would like them to interact with the rest of humanity."

"And why do you need my services?" Captain Star Runner asked. "Why do
you not have your own vehicle?"

A very good question, but Gyllian thought she knew the answer.

"A military vessel was not assigned," she said. "My brief is to go
there and employ the resources I think best to undertake this mission.
I believe that my superiors are telling me, indirectly of course, to
ask you to be my star runner."

"And who else is involved in this mission?" Captain Star Runner asked.

"I have contracted with Emily Dickinson," Gyllian said, using
Eberhard's alternate name, the one Star Runner used.

"Anyone else?"

"Josh Levins is back in Ptolemy City," Gyllian said. "I do not know
how I would involve him yet. When I get to the Confederation of Three
Planets I plan to contact The Czarina and Captain Kidd though I do not
have a role for them yet."

"And Private Investigator Ronnie Camberwell?" Captain Star Runner
asked. "What about her?"

"I do not have a role for a private investigator yet," Gyllian said.

Star Runner was silent. Ronnie was his lover. Gyllian and Ronnie did
not see eye to eye. If she was honest, Gyllian felt jealous of Ronnie.
She did not understand Star Runner's attraction and love for the
woman.

Star Runner continued his silence. This was unusual. The Pantheran had
not been as guileless as he once was especially after his return from
the adjoining galactic arm.

"You would be free to interact with Ronnie as the mission permitted,"
Gyllian said. "You would be working for me."

"It is my ride," Captain Star Runner said.

"Of course," Gyllian agreed. "You can have whoever you want on board.
I just need to know you would be contracted with me."

"I will draw up a contract and send it to you," Captain Star Runner
said.

"You are available immediately, right?" Gyllian asked.

"I can make myself available if you agree to the contract," Captain
Star Runner said.

"Okay," Gyllian said.

Captain Star Runner broke the connection.

As usual, Star Runner's contract was very precise. When compared
against previous contracts, it was basically the same. As captain,
Star Runner reserved the right to only do things that safeguarded his
vessel. He also made it clear that the personnel aboard his vehicle
had to be to his liking. Gyllian had to accept these provisos.


