## Meeting with Lord Stern

The message that the ship received was in text only. Captain Star
Runner thought the sender had spoofed his address of origin. This
supposition proved to be correct. Christabel was able to track back to
the office of one Lord Stern, the Confederation of Three Planet's
representative from somewhere called The Royal Province of Debussy on
La Mer. Gyllian was excited. This was one of the representatives she
had met with when they first came to the star system. Ronnie was
living in Capital City, the main urban area of that province.

Lord Stern wished to keep their communication as private as possible.
He knew the Confederation of Three Planets had refused Gillian's offer
of assistance. For his part, Lord Stern believed the Confederation of
Three Planets as a whole was being short-sighted and foolish.

"But you see, Colonel Romeres Lujo," he wrote, "the province in the
strongest position in our Confederation Council is that of the Royal
Province of Barbara of Portugal, the largest and most powerful
province. If the Barbarans do not want something to happen, it does
not happen. They do not want to contact other members of the human
race. Their power would be greatly diminished if they did so. They
would not be equal partners with your illustrious Alliance of Planets
or Solar League. They would be seen as a handful of country bumkins
and they want to maintain the fiction that they are an elite group of
highly sophisticated individuals.

"For my part, I consider us vulnerable to attack from both outside our
star system and from within. I have heard of this Rebel Horde and I am
concerned that they could and will undermine our current position."


