# I See Kearsarge Again #

 It was late when I got home. No new messages from the Fungusians or
 from Josh either. I checked the time of the marathon. It began at ten o'clock. I wondered
how Kearsarge would do.

I slept poorly.

My link signaled with an incoming message. 

> Police Chief Camberwell  
> Call me ASAP

I had not spoken to my father since my return to Ptolemy City. We had
not had a falling out. It was just that he had let me go at the police
department. Previously, his response to Captain Star Runner can only be
described generously as frigid. Why was he calling me at 5:30 in the
morning and on official business?

"Dad," I said when he answered his link.

"Sorry to waken you," Dad said, "but aren't you working for Kearsarge?"

There was no point to ask him how he knew. I had registered my
investigation with the Governing Board and he would have been notified.

"You know I am," I responded.

"I need you to come down here," Dad said. "I think she's dead."

Dad gave me the address. I thought I knew all the streets in Ptolemy
City, butI had to look this one up.

The River District? What was Kearsarge doing in the River District at
5:30 in the morning? It was the worst neighborhood in Ptolemy City. Only the
most desperate people lived there. City service workers were afraid to
go there to fix anything. People lived in abandoned buildings with
broken windows. Trash did not get picked up. Electricity was often
absent. In short, the River District was Ptolemy City's slum. People
went in there and were never seen again. I was surprised the police were
there. Who had summoned them?

None of my questions would be answered until I got to the scene. I got
out of bed, pulled on some clothes I found draped over a chair and
stepped out of my flat. Too late I remembered there would be no hot tea
at the scene. I would have to make do with coffee... Given my mood, that
would suit me just fine.

I grabbed a gazelle and sat back for the ride. The car had the nerve to
ask me to confirm my destination.

"Yes, I really do want to go to 2115 Green Way Station."

What a name. I wondered what the street had once been like to have such
a name.On  the long ride to the seamier side of
the city I looked it up.

According to city records Green Way Station once had
lovely homes for the richer pirates. It was thought of as a privileged
enclave."

"how the mighty have fallen!

when I exited the Gazelle. Was it my imagination or did it speed away
toward the city's center?

I found my dad with a coffee cup in his hand in what must have been a
fancy foyer of a large home. It was filled with trash and no sign of its
former grandeur remained except for a scarred staircase with most of its
railing either broken or missing.

"You wanted me," I said in greeting.

"I figured you could identify the body," Dad said without so much as a
greeting.

"But you think it's her," I said.

"I do, but she's a long way from home," Dad said.

"Where is she?"

"Outside," Dad said. "We've been questioning the residents here, but no
one knows anything, saw anything, heard anything."

"Do they ever?"

"In this case they could be telling the truth. We just had to ask." Dad
shrugged.

We walked outside and down the street to the corner. I saw the yellow
crime scene tape. The tape was quaint, but everyone seems to know what
it signifies so the Ptolemy City Police Department continues to use it
instead of pricey portable force fields. Simon Parge, when he was police
chief, thought salaries were more important than fancy equipment and Dad
has followed in his footsteps.

The body was in the intersection...

"I don't think I've ever seen anything like this before," I commented.

"That's how we got the call," Dad said. "She was picked up by the
caravans. They put in a request for maintenance on this intersection.
This is where you would have been dropped off for this house instead of
where you did get out."

"I figured I had to walk up the street because the gazelle didn't want
to be in this neighborhood," I said.

"True enough, but this is a busier street."

I walked over to the body. Kearsarge was laying on her side. She looked
like she had been dropped there like a rag doll. I bent down and looked
at her face. It was Kearsarge all right.

"That's Kearsarge,"" I said, straightening up.

"Any idea why she should be in the River District at this hour when she
was scheduled to run in a marathon later this morning?" Dad asked.

"None," I said. "I was supposed to meet her for breakfast tomorrow
morning off of Lower Nile Street."

"Lower Nile Street?" Dad questioned.

"The Elwood Street Diner," I said. "It's a little hole in the wall with
personal service. I thought it was an odd location for her, too."

Dad gave some instructions to the crime scene people then turned to me.

"We need to talk," he said.

"Sure," I said, having no idea what he meant. "Now?"

"Now," Dad said. "Walk with me."

I followed him back down the street. He fumbled with his link. A caravan
came -- a camel to be exact -- and we climbed in. He gave the police
station as our destination.

We rode in silence, each of us stretching out our long legs toward the
empty seat in front of us, facing each other obliquely, wondering what
to say to fill silence. At least, I was wondering. Finally my dad said.

"How are you, Ronnie, I mean, really, since you've been back."

Dad was never good at this sort of thing. He left most of my care as a
child to Mrs. Parge. Mrs. Parge always was clear with me: She was not my
mother. She was a caring friend of the family. She answered my questions
when I learned Dad was not my biological father. My mother had an affair
and I was the result. My mother left my father after I was born and was
killed by her companion shortly thereafter. The companion shipped out of
Ptolemy City immediately and was never heard of again. A warrant for his
arrest was still active, or at least had been when I was on the police
force. I doubt it had been nullified.

Although he could have disowned me, Troy Camberwell did not and raised
me as his daughter even-handledly with my older brother Kevin. My origins
was not something we ever discussed. All my father had ever saidwas,
"Don't be too hard on your mother. She wasn't like Mrs. Parge. She
needed her husband at home every night."

"I'm OK," I said. "It's been hard coming back but it's for the best."
Then I remembered to add, "I'm living at the Womyn's Cooperative Housing
Authority. I am well-provided for. If I'm careful, the money will last."

"Really?" Dad was surprised. Not much surprises him anymore. "Yes," I
said.

"Captain Star Runner is good with money and was quite generous,
more generous than a partner needed to be. In different circumstances,
it may have worked out. But in the situation we found ourselves in, it
didn't."

"So things were amicable?"

"More sad than amicable," I said. "I miss Star terribly -- at least, I
miss the Star I once knew."

"I see," Dad said. He looked sad. I wondered if he was thinking of my
mother. Before I could ask him, Dad changed the subject.

"As you know, we're short-handed. Because of her notoriety, Kearsarge
death will be big news and probably big news back in the Solar League. I
don't have the resources to investigate. I don't think, technically
speaking, I am required to investigate. She was not a service worker.
But you know, I like to know what happened, if there is a bigger problem
than the unexplained death of one of the Rich and Famous. I'm wondering
if you would be willing to look into this."

I was stunned. It was not an invitation to rejoin the police force, but
it was as close as I was probably going to get. Having a good working
relationship with Dad really appealed to me. But there were
complications.

"It would put me in the limelight," I said. "There would be a lot of
questions not to mention exposure to questions to about Star and me."

"I'll handle the press," Dad said. "The police will not be investigating
this matter. It is regrettable, but it is the custom here in Ptolemy
City."

"Will there be an autopsy?"

"We'll see what we can determine," Dad said. "There's insurance, I
presume."

"I have no idea," I said. "I only met her once and that over breakfast.
I'm not even sure if I can investigate. I'll have to check the
contract."

I put in a request to my legal advisor.

"I don't know who is her heir and who will manage her affairs. For all I
know, I'm done."

Dad frowned. "You're probably right. It's not a particularly elegant
solution, but I do want to know what she was doing there and who killed
her."

"So do I," I said. "And there may be a way to find out."

I told Dad about the messages, about my attempts to locate the sender
and the request I sent to the Fungusian Network.

"The Fungusian Network?" Dad wrinkled his brow. "Aren't they mushroom
people?"

"They are a fungus life form," I explained. I did not go into their
history. "They are experts in neural networks. Captain Star Runner uses
them to design all ship systems and Star's AI. They have a good working
relationship and I thought it was very likely they would recognize my
name."

"Because you were Star's partner."

"No, because they index Star's data to make data retrieval faster. They
do backups and decide what material can be less readily available. I'm
sure they are well aware of me as a data group."

I realized Star could have requested memories of me might be moved to
less available storage. Star would not delete them, just basically
forget about me. I found this a very painful thought. "Keep
thinking this way and you'll convince yourself you shouldn't have ended
things," I scolded myself. "It wasn't a good match. Exciting, yes, but
not at all beneficial."

And even as I scolded myself, I heard the rationalizations and the lies.
When would all this thinking and going over past incidents stop. Perhaps
it was the nature of this case. I kept bumping into Star all the time.

When we got to the police station, I drank some of that bad coffee and
then regretted it.

