# The Office of the League of Hypatian Pirates #

We did indeed catch a camel and found the offices of the League in the
Warehouse District.

Captain William Kidd lounged at the desk when we entered.

"Hello, Ronnie," he greeted me. "It's been a long time."

"Hello, William," I said. "How have you been?"

"So-so," he said. "Not being off-planet gets boring, but at my time of
life, you take what you can get, and a job here at headquarters isn't
bad. You're better looking than your brother, you know."

I smiled. No matter how many times I told Captain Kidd I was a lesbian,
he always talked about me being what he called "all girl". For the
record, I'm not pretty. I d not dress up and I am definitely not dainty.

""Captain Kidd," I said, "this is Blake Redman from the Solar League
Examiner. He wants to talk to you about some investigative reporting he
is doing. Would you be willing to talk to him?"

"Well now, Ronnie, that all depends," Captain Kidd said. "He has to be
who he says he is and then I have to hear what he is asking."

"Fair enough," Redman said.

He produced an identification tag. Captain Kidd placed it in a reader.
That seemed like very old technology to me. When I said this Redman
explained.

"The codes are nearly impossible to replicate. The readers work on all
sorts of planets including those who do not want to progress past a
certain technological level."

"Well, you do work for the Solar League Examiner," Captain Kidd said. "I
verified via link that you are doing the work you claim to be doing. Now
what are your questions?"

"You want me to ask you right here in the reception area?" Redman
asked.

"It's as good a place as any. If you want a chair, just pull one over
here to my desk."

We complied. I wondered if Captain Kidd would tell Redman anything.

"I'm investigating smuggling which has a connection to the planet Fair
Haven," Blake Redman said. "Can you comment on that."

"Fair haven?" Captain Kidd asked. "Where would that be?"

"Near the Coalition border on the Southern Frontier."

"Ah yes, Fair Haven." Captain Kidd spoke in a drawl. I had no idea where
he hailed from originally though I knew he operated out of the Pharaoh
Star System for many years until he became afraid to go into space. I
had never learned what caused his fear. It was likely to be some near
death experience-- a fire, lack of food, drifting in space for a long
time before rescue, the loss of a crew, even bankruptcy.

Captain Kidd cleared this throat. I waited for his press release voice.

"The League of Hypatian Pirates does not engage in illegal smuggling
activities within Coalition space."

I interrupted the rest of the speech, "We know that, Captain Kidd. What
Mr. Redman wants to talk to you about is any League activity you are
free to discuss involving Fair Haven, the York or Bender families or any
knowledge you might have individually about these matters."

If I did not interrupt him, Captain Kidd could talk for hours about
nothing with many digressions into old stories and never get to the
point. He was an excellent choice for the League to put out front. But
now and then he could produce a piece of information which was helpful.
Talking to the League also allowed the League to clarify points without
being explicit. They often passed tips to the police if a matter needed
looking into or if they wanted to distance themselves from one
individual or another.

"The York family," Captain Kidd gave every impression of trying to
remember. I saw the tell. He knew exactly who they were and was buying
some time before he spoke.

"The Yorks are a nasty bunch of folks," Captain Kidd said. "They like to
double cross people. That makes them difficult to deal with, you
understand?"

"So I've heard," Redman said. "Can you be specific?"

"I'm afraid not," Captain Kidd said, "that might embarrass a pirate or
two around here."

"What can you tell me about the Bender family."

"Never heard of them," Captain Kidd said, but there was another tell.

"Do you know anything about Kearsarge's death?" I asked.

"Now I heard you would be the one to ask about that," Captain Kidd
drawled. I did not see any tell.

"Is it something the League is interested in?" I asked.

"We would be interested to know if there was a contract and it wasn't
registered," Captain Kidd assured me.

"I'd be interested in that, too." I said, standing up. It was getting
late and I needed to meet Dad. Besides, I did not think I would get any
more out of Captain Kidd today, at least not while Blake Redman was
present. "If you hear anything, Captain Kidd, you be sure to let me
know."

"I'll contact you if I hear anything I can pass on."

"Fair enough," I said, "and pass some things on you can't pass on as
well."

"Now you know I can't do that," Captain Kidd said.

"Sure you can," I said airily and blew him a kiss as I left the
building.

I do not remember when I started doing that to Captain Kidd, but it
always made the old man smile.

"That was not particularly helpful," Blake Redman said as we waited for
another caravan.

"I thought it was extremely helpful," I said.

"How?"

"First, I found out you really are who you say you are. Secondly, he
does know something about the Yorks. Their character at least is known
even here and the League doesn't mind spreading that information around.
That might suggest someone in the city might talk. You'll need to hang
out at some of the pirate bars tonight and see who will talk."

"And where would they be?"

"In this district," I said. "I'd try Long John Silver's or the Treasure
Chest. They're safe enough and they have enough people in them to get a
story going."
