# Fracus at the Treasure Chest #

We jumped out of the caravan. I dashed to the locker, punched in my
one-time code and retrieved the ray gun. As promised, it was fully
charged. We hailed another caravan and jumped in, giving the address of
the Treasure Chest. Keven would beat us there but there was not much he
could do on his own.

"Is Blake Redman covered under a service worker designation?" I asked
Dad.

"He works for a living," Dad said. "He has to go into difficult places
to do his job. I would think a writer for the Solar League Examiner
could broadly be interperted as a service worker."

We did not have such news organizations in Ptolemy City. There were
people who published information on the neural net, but it was a very
informal arrangement. I set a reminderto check in with The Czarina. She
might have some interesting tidbits. She
worked with Captain Star Runner when Star needed some information. Maybe
she would share with me, too.

Maybe, too, I could go back to Emily Dickinson. I knew a bit more about
the players.

When we got to the Treasure Chest on Hubbard Avenue, the brawl was in
full mayhem. Patrons turned over tables, chairs and each other with
great abandon. Glasses and pitchers of beer were either smashed or
poured over someone's head before being smashed. I saw one familiar
pirate both pour and then smash a glass on someone else's head. Another
pirate happily poured his beer on his own head. The fracas seemed more a
celebration of destruction than a an altercation. I wondered that the
police were summoned.

Dad found Kevin in the office with Captain William Kidd and Blake
Redman. Blake was holding a drinks napkin to his face. It was soaked in
blood.

"Hello there, Ronnie," Captain Kidd drawled when he saw me. "I dragged
your friend out of a situation." He grinned. "Posthumous Patty took
exception to something he said. She took out her laser cutter and you
know how she likes to play with it."

Dad said to Kevin, "What happened?"

"This guy," Kevin said, indicating Blake Redman, "started asking
questions. He's a reporter from the Solar League Examiner, or so he
says. Some folks took a dim view of him butting into their business. He
was talking to Dagger Dan when Posthumous Patty started waving
her laser cutter around. A few pirates challenged her right to do that
at the Treasure Chest. You know Animal Andy prohibits displays of
weapons in his bar. It got ugly fast and Captain Kidd pulled this
reporter up off the floor before he got trampled."

Reasonable," my dad said. "Good work, Kidd. I'd probably have to
investigate if anything more serious happened. Who is Andy going to
charge for the disruption?"

"He's hollering about everybody throwing in their share. He likes a
rumpus just as much as the next pirate. He'll have it all sorted in a
bit."

"Me," said Captain Kidd, "I'm slipping out the back. It's all too much
excitement for a man of my age."

And with that, he left.

Dad next turned to Redman,"Do you need medical care? I can send you
over to urgent care."

"I should go," Redman admitted. "I haven't been involved in a brouhaha
like this in a very long time. I'm quite out of practice, sad to say."

I looked around the barroom. Animal Andy directed the remaining patrons
to mop, sweep up glass, right the tables and chairs. When everything was
basically back to normal, he'd provide a round and the good times would
roll again. I did not see either Posthumous Patty or Dagger Dan. Too
bad. I wanted to talk with them and this was the only place I knew they
frequented. Finding out where they flopped would be nigh impossible.
Pirates kept their residences, even if it was only a bed in a dormitory,
quite close to the chest.

I went back to the office.

"I can go with Redman," I told Dad. "Just let Urgent Care know we're
coming."

"That's fine," Dad said. "You'll be okay?"

He meant "would I be safe?" I said "Yes" and Redman and I got into a
caravan.

"Well that didn't turn out very well," Redman admitted. "I thought my
interviewing skills were more subtle. I didn't expect someone to pull
out a laser cutter in a bar. Glad that old guy from the League office
was there. I think I'd be a goner if he hadn't grabbed me."

"Welcome to Ptolemy City," I said. "It's a mix of the frontier and the
playground for the Rich and Famous. Anything can happen and probably
will, sooner or later. Did you get anything helpful?"

"Dagger Dan told me he was not at liberty to comment on any question I
might want to put to him. That's a direct quote."

"And Posthumous Patty?"

"She came out swinging. She didn't bother to confirm or deny anything?"

"Anybody else say anything?"

"Nope. I saw them and went over to their table. I figured I'd buy them a
drink and we'd talk some before I asked them anything, but they started
reacting as soon as I got to the table. I never sat down."

"We'll need to look into them a little more thoroughly," I said. I
wasn't thinking of Redman.

"Are we cooperating then?" he asked.

I thought this over. "It might work," I said. "Let's get you fixed up
first."
