Thoughts on the First Adventure
===============================

I think I first thought of Captain Star Runner in the winter of
2006-2007. That's a long time ago. I never finished that no vela.
Instead, I started a new one with [NanoWriMo] and have written more
adventures, branching off to write some primarily focused on their
paramore, Ronnie Camber well. Some stories have been more successful
than others. I have never successfully edited any of them.

At several points, I have started editing the first adventure with
disasterous results. I have tried plot summaries of chapters and pulling
out what I thought might be a shorter tale focusing on the events which
take place on Pirate's Cove. Again, the story line falls apart.

Recently I read how Amazon has an idea for episodic writing. Apparently
the writers can submit three episodes and then go on from there. It will
be possible to charge people for future episodes. I am not interested in
that. I just thought the idea of 600-word chunks might help me do some
more writing. You would think a pandemic would have helped my writing
but it did not. Instead I focused on human interaction and buying a new
home. Not bad really.

So I thought I might begin again focusing on the first adventure but in
a different way. Instead of editing the original story, I might
re-conceive it with all the information I have gleaned about Captain
Star Runner and their universe.

Over the past few months, I have read the Margery Alnilam stories about
Albert Campion. Allingham said she knew very little about his
background. We learn his first name was Rudolf and that he came from a
family with connections to royalty. At one point Allingham said he was
George VI.

As silly as this sounds and as impossible as it would be to conceal a
real person's identity, it helps me to be confident that I don't need to
know everything about everything and everybody in my story. I can
dispense with all those character studies and world building exercises.
I'm not a professional writer. I'm just telling a story I enjoy writing.

I usually do seat of the pants writing. I let the story go where it
will. In the case of the first adventure though I think an outline would
be very useful. Controlling this adventure might well help it end up
where it can connect to the rest of the corpus.

I think the first adventure does four important things:

1.  Introduces Captain Star Runner, their mavrick status and their
    identity as a non-binary Pantheran.
2.  Introduces Gillian Romeres Lujo, establishes her friendship with
    Star Runner and her connection to the nascent Alliance of Planets
    which I called the Consortium.
    3.  Introduces Tamara and establishes her friendship with Star
        Runner.
        4.  Cements Star Runner's rogue status with the Clouder.

I have been toying with the idea that the point of view character might
well be Gillian, at least for the opening scenes. Star's own narration
is very egocentric and it may be important to the reader to clearly
understand what Star is up against. Star themself is very circumspect
about their own story from juvenile to smuggler. This is in part because
Star is still under a termination order and in part because Star
themself is not at peace with their own decisions in the events leading
to the termination order. Eventually Star will become more ambivalent
toward the Clouder and finally will be in opposition to it, but this
takes longer than the first adventure itself. What Star really wants is
to go home, but that cannot happen.

    For some time now I have been uneasy with Star's expression "The
    Race," to refer to all Pantherans. Originally  this came from the
    human race and Star's ethnocentric view of being the only people,
    therefore, The Race. With my growing awareness of racism, however,
    I do not want to use this word. Star may be prejudiced for their
    own species, but it is not a question of race which is an
    artificial construct. I therefore have searched for an alternate
    word or phrase. Star would not agree with me that they are a cat,
    but cats do offer a word. A group of cats may be referred to as a
    Clouder. (I have also seen clutter and pounce). Pounce is
    attractive for its humor. A destruction of cats is a group of
    ferrill cats. Many in Star's universe would say that about
    Pantherans and may well in my writing going forward, but Clouder
    will work. It is not in the online dictionary for Medium Webster
    so it is rare enough to work. So then it is the Pantheran Clouder
    or just The Clouder.

It is unnecessary to have a prologue. In fact, it would work against the
novel itself. Dirty World Station is almost a character and so its
history and characteristics can be worked into the story.

If I think about it, the Albert Campion books, even those written by
Mike Ripley, do not go deeply into character. There is no introspection,
only dialog and action. I have filled many pages with Star's ruminations
simply for word count. These are unnecessary and probably detrimental to
the story itself. These are stories that should be told simply and
without a lot of digressions.

I have started my rewrite without editing my initial updraft. I think I
am using third person omniscient as a point of view for the narration. I
am not completely happy with this style.

1.  The narration is a bit forced and sounds wooden at times.
2.  There is not a lot of detail in order to keep the action moving.
3.  It would seem that this style, adapted by Ernest Rama and Margery
    Allingham, for example, relies heavily on dialog.

I have written a little intro I call [*A Note to the Reader*] where I
imagine a future civilization has come upon these stories and wonders if
they really happened.

My idea here is that my own grasp of astronomy and science of space
travel is very limited. This can be turned into an asset, making the
lack of details a feature rather than a bug as they say. If these
adventures cannot be located in space or time, they must stand on their
own as tales rather than a serious exploration of future history.

Writing [the note] was fun. So far the novel writing has not been as
quirky and that is what Star Runner has going for them. I could do the
[NanoWriMo] thing and just switch over at this point or even mix the two
to see what happens. On the other hand, I could let Star be Star.

Going back to Margery Allingham, that is what happened with Albert
Campion. He was a quirky character described by a first person narrator.
That narrator never showed up again which actually surprised me as he
could have become a recurring minor character but that is not what
Allingham did.

I am reading Rama now. His treatment of Max Corridors is uneven. Max can
do things a blind person can't do when the plot demands it. No
explanation is ever given. That's something to bear in mind. Testing the
reader's credulity is dangerous but the suspension of disbelief often
goes a long way when reading fiction.

I keep adding to the \[*Note to the Reader*\[(\#note-to-the-read) to
explain away inconsistencies. This adventure may end up in Star's voice
with some intrusions by Gillian, but I want to keep my options open as
the novel continues.

I have gone back to [Save the Cat! Writes a Novel].I think this novel is
what Jessica Brody calls a "golden fleece" or "heist" story. Gather a
team and steal something. The hero will learn something about themself
along the way.

I think my Setup is fairly shaky at this point, but I want to go on to
explore The Team and how Captain Star Runner gets together with them.

I am also toying with the idea of writing a sort of [Glossary] where I
define words and give a little description of the characters. I think
this will help me a lot to assemble The Team who will carry off the
heist and make them justify their inclusion. It will also prove to be
a help when editing future adventures. 

Properly speaking, this file and the glossary are not part of the book
but are places where I keep some notes. I can, at some future date,
eliminate them from the table of contents while keeping them a part of
the project.

Writing the glossary and learning more about Jupyter books and what I
can and cannot do has been a respite while I think about what comes
next. Fortunately, Jupyter Book allows `HTML` so I just wrote a
definition list for my glossary. In the end, it's easier and clearer
with the `HTML` tags.

One of the fun things about going back to this first adventure is that
  I can preview later events. For example, I can introduce Emily
  Dickinson who doesn't appear until Star gets to the Pharaoh
  Star
  System. In fact, I can introduce that system and the League of
  Hypatian Pirates. It will look oh so intentional where it wasn't
  like that at all.
  
  I am totally reworking The Team that will purloin  
  the spaceship. I
  have worked out since the first adventure that the Fungusians stay
  put and work offstage for the most part. They are not known to the
  humans until Star, albeit hesitantly, brings them up. It has
  occurred to me that the Fungusians may not want to be known and The
  Clouder and the Featherote Charm may not be pleased.
  
  I have not written much about the Charm. I think of them as very
  much uner the thumb of The Clouder.
  
  Finally, this book has a title. It both astonishes and humbles me
  that I never thought of it before. Of course it is **Captain Star
  Runner**. 
  
  David Rozenfeld has made great use of third person narrative in his
  Andy Carpenter series. It is proving helpful to share scenes that
  make the narrative intelligible and will still let Star tell their
  story.
  
  Ronnie and Star share narration in *Behind Enemy Lines*
	
  [*A Note to the Reader*]: note-to-the-reader
  [the note]: #note-to-the-reader
  [NanoWriMo]: https://www.nanowrimo.org/
  [Save the Cat! Writes a Novel]: https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/32805475-save-the-cat-writes-a-novel

[Glossary]: #lossary
