# Twenty Questions at the Village Green #

No, I would not think about Tara Lee. Her rage, her emotional outburst, her
declaration of love and marriage proposal shocked me. I would not think of
them now. I needed to decide what I was going to do about Colonel Gyllian
Romeres Lujo's offer.

It happened like this:
I was sitting alone on my balcony at the Womyn's Cooperative Housing
Authority overlooking Lake Memphis when she called. I had not spoken with
the colonel since I left Captain Star Runner's spaceship *The Owl and the
Pussy Cat* over a year ago. I doubted Star still called the ride that. Star
was the pussy cat which made me the owl though it was the humor of the poem
which had caught Star's attention. Star and Gyllian had a very complicated
relationship and, although neither had ever said, I suspected they had been
lovers. That, I thought morosely, could be said of most every human Star
knew except Tamara, Star's former ward. Colonel Gyllian Romeres Lujo,
working for the Alliance ofWorlds on the Northern Frontier, wanted to
hire me for a job on Hypatia. All she would tell me about it was that I
would be working with Tamara.

What was Tamara, an archaeologist, doing on Hypatia? How could anybody do
archeology in a toxic atmosphere on a frozen world racked by earthquake and
volcanic eruptions? If I wanted to know, I supposed I would have to accept the job with all its
nondisclosure agreements and find out.

Based on the general outline of the job Gyllian described to me, I decided
to go to the members of my team to see if they were willing to come on
board. I do not employ any of these people. They sometimes act as advisors
or consultants while at other times they play a more active role in my
work.

I first contacted my long-time friend, Josh Hardy, the top security
professional in the Pharaoh Star System. We agreed to meet for dinner that
evening at the Village Green, Josh's favorite local watering hole near his
office. As usual, I arrived several minutes early, ordered hot tea and
prepared to wait for Josh who is notoriously late.
I am not fond of bars.

I am not much of a drinker as you probably figured out. Hot tea is not a
drink most patrons of the Village Green choose but surprisingly, their tea
is very good. Most likely it is because they use very hot water and one of
the owners' mothers comes to the bar every night for dinner and orders hot
tea.

The bar was crowded. There was a game on, a rebroadcast of a Solar League
exhibition game. A crowd hung out around the gaming area. I checked there
first for Josh.

"He's not here yet, Ronnie," Angie, one of the owners whose mother came to
dinner, told me. "I'll send him your way when he gets in."

I looked at the automated menu. Georgina, a long-time waitress, told me to
wave when I was ready. I told her I was waiting for Josh.

"Better you than me, darling," she said as she raced by.
Like the Elwood Diner, the Village Green is one of those places which
employs real people though Josh told me a while ago that they used robo
wait staff from time to time, especially when one of their staff was out. I
wondered at the cost, but Josh said there was a company which provided the
robo staff on a daily or even hourly basis. One of the selling points was
that the robot explained it was new and filling in for a wait staff member.
It could even give that staff person's name and reason for being absent.

Despite the constant buzz of conversation in the room and waiting for Josh
to discuss a job possibility, my thoughts went back to Tara Lee. The
Village Green was not the sort of place Tara Lee would enjoy. It was a
neighborhood place. Everyone
knows you here and everyone expects you to know them. It was bigger,
noisier and more affluent than the Elwood Diner, but both places had this
sense of community. You belonged here. Tara Lee enjoyed the fashionable
places, where it is important to be seen and where you measure yourself
against everyone else in the room. I was always uncomfortable in those
places, yet I found Tara Lee so exciting to be with. Not just sexually, but
her energy carries me along and it is just fun to be alive in her presence.
I could not imagine our relationship being over. She wanted to marry me, to
make this relationship permanent and she thought it was my fault that it
was not moving forward. "Are you over Star Runner yet?" she had said.
Wasn't I? Star was gone, off to another sector of the galaxy. I did not enjoy
space travel and Star was a creature of space. Designed for space travel
Star would say and Star would be right about that characterization.
Besides, Captain Star Runner is an ungendered Pantheran, an alien, not a
human being male or female. We were not compatible. But I could not forget
Star or not respond to the people, human beings, I met while in Star's
company.

"Josh to Ronnie," a familiar voice said.

"Oh, hi, Josh," I said with a start.

"Hey," he said, sliding into the booth across from me, "I didn't mean to
startle you. Why so glum?"

"Tara Lee and I had a fight," I said.

"Anything you want to talk about?" Josh asked. His expression was
concerned. "I thought you two were getting along famously. I haven't seen
you this happy in a long while."

I was happy with Star, I thought, but no one would see me when I was with
Star. They thought it was quite creepy to be with an alien.

"It's about a couple of things," I said. "One of them is why I wanted to
see you. But let's order first."

The burgers are excellent at the Village Green. They are, of course, not
made with meat. There is no room for farm animals under the dome in Ptolemy
City. We also ordered fries and slaw. Georgina refreshed my tea and brought
Josh a beer in a pilsner glass.

"So what's this new job all about?" Josh asked, "and why did you and Tara
Lee fight about it."

"Because I don't know a lot of the details yet," I said, pouring a fresh
cup of tea from the pot. "And because Colonel Gyllian Romeres Lujo offered
me the job."

Josh whistled softly then drank some of his beer. I thought it was a
delaying tactic.

"And Tara Lee didn't like you talking with Romeres Lujo I suppose?"

"You would be right about that. Tara Lee thinks I'm not over Captain Star
Runner," I said.

"And are you?" Josh asked.

I did not say anything. Josh and I, although fast friends since childhood,
had never discussed Star Runner before. The truth is, I did not know how to
answer him.

"I take it there is some question about you being over the captain," Josh
said diplomatically.

"Perhaps," I said. I did not want to talk about this with Josh.

"Leaving the captain out of this discussion," Josh continued, "what does
Romeres Lujo want and how do I figure into it?"

"I'm not totally sure," I said. "It gets more complicated."

"Am I playing twenty questions or are you going to spill?" Josh asked.

"I'm sorry," I said. "I am not explaining things very well tonight."
Our food arrived and we ate in silence for a while.

"There's a project going on on the southern continent," I said quietly.
"Since Tamara is heading it up, I'm assuming it's an archaeological dig of
some sort. Gyllian wants me, us, to keep it out of the news. That's all I
know."

"Twenty questions again," Josh said. He was being patient with me,
something I always appreciated about him.

"Who is Tamara?"

"Someone I met during the Landscape of Thorns incident," I said. "She works
out of the University of the Gifted Mind on the Northern Frontier. At one
time, she was Captain Star Runner's ward."

"A Pantheran had a human ward?" Josh asked. "That sounds impossible."

"It was unusual," I said. "The way Tamara explained it to me, Star took her
to Socrates, the University of the Gifted Mind planet. Her human guardian
transferred guardianship to Star because Star was on the scene. Star simply
refers to Tamara as my friend. In a real sense, Tamara is Star's first
friend and the one who taught Star what friendship is. I gather Pantherans,
at least ungendered Pantherans, don't have friends. The concept is, not to
make a bad pun, alien to them."

"And does Tamara consider herself Star's friend?" Josh asked.
"Absolutely," I said. "They keep up a steady correspondence. Well, maybe
not right now as Star is off somewhere. It's pretty undefined where as far
as I know, but then, maybe I don't know all the details."

"Because that relationship is over," Josh said.

Well, that was a rather splendid way of working the conversation around to
my feelings about Star.

"Something like that," I said, not wanting to go down that road with Josh.
He asked a lot of pointed questions in these discussions.

"Okay," Josh said. "We have a mysterious dig going on here on Hypatia for
something and you want me to--"

"Run surveillance to see if anyone is talking about it," I said.

Josh speared a French fry, dipped it in ketchup and popped it into his
mouth. He chewed it thoroughly and swallowed before speaking again.

"And would this surveillance be above board or below it?"

"Whatever suits you," I said. "I don't really understand the neural net and
what you can and can't do."

"It's not a question of what I can or can't do," Josh said. "I can do a
whole lot more than I should do."

"What would you get into trouble doing?" I asked.
"Not a whole lot," Josh said. "This is the Pharaoh Star System. If the
information is not encrypted, I can look at it. I may even be able to hack
a bit."

"Then that is what Gyllian wants--whatever you can do without harm to
yourself."

"OK. And she's willing to pay?"

"I don't have any of the details yet," I explained. "I can't be told what
you're looking for until I sign on."

"Ah, need to know and all that."

"Well, she does work for the Ministry of Defense," I said.

"And what's the Alliance of Worlds' interest in Hypatia?"

I shook my shoulders. "I have no idea," I said. "Perhaps we'll get that
information."

"And you're thinking of doing this job because--" Josh asked.

"Because it sounds far more interesting than the jobs I have been doing," I
said.

"So you're doing this because you're bored," Josh said. "It would have
nothing to do with Captain Star Runner."

"Captain Star Runner isn't here and isn't involved," I said.

"But their friends are."

"Star's friends are involved," I agreed as emotionlessly as I could.

Josh was quiet as he finished his plate of food and signaled for another
beer.

"You're right," he finally said. "It is intriguing and it does break up the
routine."

"Are you in?" I asked. "There's all sorts of legal stuff before we get
any more information."

"Like what we're really looking for?" Josh asked.

"I'm assuming that's the case."

"Yeah, you can count me in. I certainly don't want you involved in this by
yourself?"

"Are you still looking out for me?" I asked, not completely disliking the
idea.

"Of course," Josh said. "It's what I do."

I decided not to argue the point with him. I just did not have the energy
or the inclination.
