# The Czarina's Table #

OK. So Josh is in and I'm not dealing well at all with my upset with Tara
Lee and Captain Star Runner ... well, let's just not talk about it.
hat night I activated my link every twenty minutes or so to call or text
Tara Lee, to see how she was doing, to apologize, for what I did not know,
to tell her I was lonely, to tell her I missed her, to tell her I did not
like the feeling hat things were not good between us. Each time I opened my
link, I hesitated. I felt so incredibly stupid. I wondered if anything I
said or wrote would be the truth. Her words about Star stung. It was over
between Star and me, but I still had a great deal of respect for Captain
Star Runner. How could I put that part of my life out of mind. Star could,
of course. A memory reorganization would put memories of me and our time
together far away from Star's consciousness. Star could look them up, could
go into the archives and retrieve everything, but it was not the same as I
experienced memory. How could associating myself with the people I met when
Star and I were together be such a bad thing. Was Tara Lee so threatened by
these people and by Star also? That seemed crazy to me. Tara Lee was at the
top of her game, pretty, smart. She had it altogether. Then why,I wondered,
did she want anything to do with me? And finally, despite what she had said
just before leaving the Elwood Street Diner, why was she not calling me?
Did her heart ache for me? Was she reaching for her link just as I was
reaching for mine? Or was she going about her business on the Alexandria
Space Station as if nothing was amiss. That is how I imagined her, totally
compartmentalized, going to meetings, seeing people in her office, solving
problems, walking through the station with her confident stride, respected
by everyone she met.

The next morning I decided to walk to Shepheard's Hotel. Maybe exercise and
walking alongside Lake Memphis would clear my mind and make up for the lack
of restful sleep. I could not face my exercise routine right now. That was
a bad sign, but a private investigator has to do what a private
investigator has to do.
I have a favorite part of the Loop Road which goes around Lake Memphis in
the center of Ptolemy City. Much of the lake front is taken up with
businesses and the waterfront for boats and swimmers. But here and there
the designers of this part of the city created parkland with trees and
paths for walkers, runners and cyclists. I walked by the lake's edge,
hearing the gentle slap of the water and smelling the vegetation. My link
played soft sounds reminiscent of an earth like forest---or at least that
is what the app description said. My link had selected this particular
sound track as a soothing accompaniment to my walk. Along with tracking my
steps, calories burned and respiration and heart rate, the link assessed
other biological indicators and proposed this sound scape. It reminded me
of what Christabel, Star Runner's artificial intelligence, might do for
them, though Christabel would also be adjusting Star's body chemistry.
Today Cristabel would choose a lot of mood altering chemicals and vitamins
along with an energy booster. Star was never alone. Christabel was always
in Star's mind and they kept up a constant chatter between them, sometimes
in direct conversation and sometimes more subtly on a thought basis. I was
uncomfortable with this at first. It was as if there was a third person
always observing us, recording us, making suggestions to Star. After a
while though I began to understand how integral a part to Star's existence
their AI is and that sense of a third person faded. It was only when I
realized how integrated into the spaceship Star was that I felt alienated
and distanced from them. That was when the bad times happened.
By the time I finished this train of thought, I was approaching the grand
entrance to Shepheard's Hotel.

I did not walk through the great expanse of the Shepheard's Hotel lobby.
Standing in its cavernous space always reminded me of the first time I saw
Captain Star Runner, prancing, a long, delicate scarf trailing out behind
them. I remember catching my breath at Star's magnificence and grace, tail
held high and that long legs and shiny fuchsia-colored fur. You could sum
it up as animal magnetism but it was the first time I understood the power
and sensibility of Pantherans. They walk as if they own the galaxy and as
far as the western spiral arm goes, they probably do. Some call it
arrogance but when it comes packaged with such an awesome physical
presence, it is hard not to be impressed.

I could reach the Terrace Cafe by going along a path lined with luxuriant
foliage along one side of the hotel. I stepped onto the terrace which
occupies a space between the hotel and the wall of the dome. The dome is
transparent. The landscape of Hypatia spreads out before those on the
terrace in all its unearthly splendor. Toxic air currents swirl red and
yellow patterns against the rock face a quarter mile away. In the distance,
volcanoes continually erupt, spewing magma and mist in great plumes into
the sky. I paused to watch the show for a few minutes. I was born in
Ptolemy City. The view is the only landscape I had ever seen before my one
space trip. I can now say I have walked on grass and breathed a planet's
atmosphere. It was a strange and frightening feeling. Standing within the
confines of the dome, I felt reassured by its nearness and fascinated yet
again by the ever-changing kaleidescope of color before me.

"It's beautiful, ain't it, Ronnie?" a gruff voice said next to me.

"Captain Kidd," I said, "you startled me."

"We saw you gawking," he said, "so The Czarina sent me over here to snap
you out of your trance."

"I need to talk to you two," I said.

"We figured that was why you were here by your lonesome," Captain Kidd
said.

I followed him to a corner table. This was where The Czarina had held court
for years. I do not know The Czarina's back story. I am pretty certain she
is not really a czarina. I do know she knows how to drive a caravan car,
the driverless transportation cars in Ptolemy City. I also know she was
once married to Deadly Dudley, a rather nasty pirate.
These days The Czarina and Captain William Kidd live together at 17 Dollar
Bay Drive, a mansion once occupied by a former client of mine. I received
the mansion as part of the client's estate. The Czarina and Captain Kidd
bought it from me which relieved me to no end. I did not want to live there.
Tara Lee was disappointed when she heard I had sold the house on Torch
Lake.

"It would have been ever so wonderful to live there," Tara Lee exclaimed.

"And a far way from the center of Ptolemy City," I replied. "I much prefer
my co-op in the Womyn's Cooperative Housing Authority."

"Well, it is the Penthouse," Tara Lee agreed. "You do have a marvelous
view."

"And it's all I need," I said.

Now I wondered if my remarks sounded as if I did not want to include Tara
Lee in my life plans. Did I want to include her or did I enjoy my
independence? If you let someone into your life, you let in their opinions,
their desires and heir needs. Was I ready to do that?

"You do seem preoccupied," The Czarina said. "Do sit down and tell me what
is going on between you and Tara Lee."

I found myself sitting alone with The Czarina. Captain Kidd was no where to
be seen.

"Oh, Billy had some work to do at the League offices," The Czarina said a
bit vaguely. I wondered if he really did or if she had sent him away.
Confidences are easier to share when there is only one person to hear them.

The Czarina's stock and trade is information. She knows a great deal about
a great many people. She sells information and she can be paid to withhold
information, too.

"Shall we have some tea?" The Czarina asked.
The Czarina usually drank something stronger than tea. Maybe she would
order something stronger when I ordered tea. The point was that I should
access the menu and put something on her tab. That was how The Czarina
operated.

I noticed the tab was not as high as it had been when I first started
talking to The Czarina, but it was also quite a bit in arrears. Shepheard's
Hotel let her tabs run fairly high. The Czarina's presence excited people
and knowing she was always at the Terrace Cafe at this time of day drove
business. I am told some people just come to see who goes over to her
table. Stocks and cargoes can vary in price just by who sits down and
shares a drink with The Czarina.

I ordered my tea and rued to decide what I wanted with it. I settled on
some cinnamon swirl bread. The Czarina ordered a drink called a Nuclear
Fusion. It must be one of the latest designer drinks by the glass it came
in. I paid a portion of her tab. I was paying
with my own money. At the moment, my client had paid me nothing.

"How nice of you," The Czarina said. "You know you can always talk with me
without paying."

"Yes," I agreed. What The Czarina said was true, but the conversation went
ever so more smoothly when I did.

"So what's this I hear about you and Tara Lee?"

"What do you hear?" I asked. Two can play at this game.

"I hear she left the city quite upset," The Czarina said. "Word from the
space station is that she is being quite sharp with her people."

"I'm sorry to hear she is taking out her problems on her staff," I said
noncommittally. Her unprofessional behavior surprised me.

"Do tell me what the problem is," The Czarina said. "Perhaps I can help."

"Well, I did come to see if you would be part of my team," I said, "you and
Captain Kidd, of course."

The Czarina waved her hand. "We'll talk business after we talk about you
and Tara Lee," she said.

Well, I would not get anything out of The Czarina until I complied. Maybe
she would be able to help.

"Tara Lee is angry that my job will put me in touch with Colonel Romeres
Lujo," I said. "Tara Lee thinks I'm still not over Captain Star Runner and
so she said I should make up my mind if it will be her exclusively or not."
There. I had summed it up.

"So she is talking marriage," The Czarina said.

I flushed. "Yes," I said.

"And how do you feel about that?" The Czarina asked.

"I don't know," I said.

"I think you do know," The Czarina said. "Marriage is that sort of thing."

"I don't know what I want," I said. "Things did not work out between
Captain Star Runner and me."

"But that is not the question here," The Czarina said. "It is about how you
feel?"

"I don't know how I feel," I said.

"Ah," The Czarina said. "that would explain much." But she did not
elaborate.

After a little silence while I drank more tea and waited for The Czarina to
say more I said, "A Bout this job."

"Yes, tell me about that," The Czarina said. She was drinking the Nuclear
Fusion slowly. I would have to discover what was in it. It seemed to change
colors both while The Czarina drank and when the glass rested on the table.

"Gyllian wants me to keep a project secret and find out if anyone reports
it," I said. "I thought you and Captain Kidd would be good people to have
on my team to do that."

"And Josh, too, of course," The Czarina said.

"He's in," I said.

"And the information could go through the Pharaoh Star System?" The Czarina
probed.

"The information would originate here," I said.
The Czarina waited for more.
"Tamara is working on the southern continent," I said. "That's all I know
at this time."

"So Tamara is here," The Czarina said. "That could explain much."

"About," I said when she did not continue.

"About you and Tara Lee," The Czarina said.

"Why?" I asked. "Tara Lee has never met Tamara."

"Precisely," The Czarina said. "Tamara is your best link back to Captain
Star Runner. She is intelligent, hard-working and a very down-to-earth
woman."

"She's not beautiful," I said.

"True," The Czarina said, "but she is warm and genuine. I would think that
could attract a lot of women."

"True," I said.

"Tamara is an archaeologist, right?" The Czarina asked.

"Yes," I said.

"She investigates other cultures."

"Yes."

"So why is she here on Hypatia? And why is Romeres Lujo involved?"

I shook my head. "I don't know," I said. "I won't find anything out until I
agree to do the job."

"Let me talk to Billy," The Czarina said. "He doesn't know these people. I
can bring him round I think. I know for certain I want to be in on this."

"You can't share anything about this job," I warned her.

"Not at this time," The Czarina acknowledged. "But knowing is always better
than not knowing."

I was not sure this was true but I let it go.

"I will let you know later today," The Czarina said, looking past me.
Another client must be waiting.

I thanked The Czarina and left the table. Someone slid into my seat before
I was another table away. By this evening I should be able to contact
Gyllian with the go ahead. The Czarina had not commented on Gyllian's
involvement to any degree. I wondered why. What did she know already? I had
not asked. That was an oversight on my part. I did not like my slipshod
work. I was letting my feelings about Tara Lee and Captain Star Runner
interfere with my work.
