# Night Call #

Josh was in. The Czarina was in. The Czarina called to confirm Captain Kidd
was in. Now I could call Gyllian and find out what our job was about.
I did not bother to calculate what time it might be on the Northern
Frontier. For all I knew, Gyllian was here on Hypatia and not somewhere in
the Alliance of Worlds. As it turned out, my call reached her in the wee
hours of the morning.

"Give me a moment, Ronnie," Gyllian said. "I will call you back on a
secure line."

 Our link was audio only. From her home, orwherever Gyllian was located at
two o'clock in the morning, that was the best she could do. I wished I
could see her expression.

"OK, we can talk."

"I have my team assembled," I said. "Now tell me what you want us to do."

"Good," Gyllian said. "I'll send you more detailed documents, but
here's the big picture."

I listened while Gyllian outlined the project.
After Colonel Gyllian Romeres Lujo, Captain Star Runner, Tamara and I
learned what the Landscape of Thorns was all about, Star brought Tamara and
me back to the Pharaoh Star System. Star and I had agreed to break up our
relationship. I went back to our villa to get my things and get back on my
feet. Star and Gyllian went on to the Northern Frontier. Tamara went with
me to the villa and then we went our own ways. I thought Tamara was doing
some sightseeing or rest and relaxation here. She had said something about
finding the Hypatian landscape breathtaking. I did not think much about her
remarks. I was consumed by my own difficult situation and was glad my
responsibilities as her host were at an end. I preferred being bad company
to myself than trying to be pleasant to Star's oldest friend. Don't get me
wrong. Tamara is a nice person. It's just, well, she thinks the galaxy of
Star and right then, I was not so inclined to be one of Star's biggest
fans.

"The truth is," Gyllian said, "Tamara was on assignment. I really wanted to
be doing the work, but I would have drawn too much attention. Because of
other incidents, I am fairly well-known in Ptolemy City."

"Over the Moon and Library of the Mind," I said.

"Yes," Gyllian agreed, "so I sent Tamara. I could distract Star from
wondering how Tamara would get back to the University of the Gifted Mind.

Star was guilty enough as it was. Leading  them to
believe Tamara was helping you helped, too."

"And why did you need to distract Star?" I asked.

"Because Star might have wanted to stay to help."

"Star had a contract," I said.

"Yes, but the terms of the contract were such that there could have been a
delay," Gyllian explained. "For Star's sake they needed to be out of the
western galactic arm. For my interests, Star needed to be kept away from
Hypatia."

"And why is that?" I asked.

"We have come across some intel," Gyllian said. "I cannot tell you from
where or how or anything like that, but the information suggested there
once was a human settlement on Hypatia--on the southern continent."

"Human occupation on Hypatia?" I asked. "Ptolemy City is the only regular
human outpost on Hypatia. The League of Hypatian Pirates had a cache at the
Third Cataract, but that's it besides the villas scattered around
elsewhere."
But this information suggests something else.
"That's what we all thought," Gyllian said. ""This
information suggests there was a previous settlement. If true, t he
shape of human history as we know it is a lie."

"That sounds crazy," I said. "Who would lie like that?"

"Because it changes the human narrative," Gyllian said. "According to our
history, it was the Pantherans who introduced us to hyperspace. We had the
concept, but didn't know how to insert and extract a spacecraft into it or
out of it."

"And if there was already a human settlement," I said, "they could not have
come all this way without using hyperspace."

"Precisely," Gyllian said.

"So either we did not learn about hyperspace from the Pantherans or the
Pantherans put us here."

"Two possibilities," Gyllian agreed. "There may be other possible
scenarios. In any event, this could change the political balance inside the
Coalition. I'm heading up this investigation as a security matter because
my colleague in the Solar League can't touch it."

How long ago?" I asked.

"We don't know for sure," Gyllian said. "Solar League records do not
indicate there ever was a settlement. We don't know where these people came
from."

"Are the Solar League records complete?" I asked.

"Not at all," Gillian said, "especially those records from a very long time ago," Gyllian said, "Tamara isn't sure yet how long ago,
but whatever time line she comes up with, it changes our understanding of
human space exploration and expansion."

"And you don't want anyone to jump to conclusions until you are ready to
share this information," I said.

"Ronnie, we may never want to share this information. We don't know who
these people were or what happened to them. They're a lost group at this
moment."

"Like New Senegal," I said, having an Erie feeling. No one had ever found
out what happened to the people on that world. The colony was thriving and
then poof. It was gone. No natural disaster. No sign of violence. Everyone
was just gone and there were ghost towns all over the planet.

"More or less," Gyllian said.

"And you want us to make sure no word gets out," I said.

"That's right," Gyllian said. "You are well-positioned to do that. But I
also want you to laiaze with Tamara. I want her reports to get out to me
under the highest security you can put together. It's important that I have
the latest information. We have had to concentrate on getting Tamara the
tools and bodies she needs to do the job. We haven't been able to give her
the communications set up she needs."

"OK," I said. "I can send Josh to do that."

"Go with him," Gyllian said. "Look around. I want your impressions, too.
You were helpful on the Landscape of Thorns and in the Prince Hat System."

"I didn't do much," I said.
"On the contrary," Gyllian said. "Your insights were very helpful."

We haggled a bit on the specifics of the job. Gyllian sent a contract. I
sent it off to be evaluated.
