# Ronnie and Josh Travel to the Southern Continent

* needs paragraph formatting
* Ronnie needs to be certain the AI aboard the trainer does not
  communicate with the Pantherans. She overlooks its maintenance by
  the Fungusian Network.
  
  #

Josh and I needed transportation to the southern continent. Josh wondered
aloud how we might visit there without drawing attention to ourselves.
"I have access to a vehicle," I said. "I'm not sure if I can fly it
though."
"You do?" Josh asked.
The Rich and Famous have their own personal fliers. The service workers
have to make commercial arrangements.
"Star has a craft parked at the Faros Lighthouse Spaceport," I said. "I
have the codes. I needed it to get my things out of the villa. I made sure
it was parked there. Star didn't ant to sell it but didn't want to have it
moved to Over the Moon. I'll have to get it brought out of storage and
checked out."
"Can it fly itself?" Josh asked. "I don't have any expertise."
"Neither do I," I said, "but there is an artificial intelligence aboard.
There is human interface built in."
"One of those Pantheran AIs?" Josh asked.
"The AIs are from the Fungusian Network," I said, "but they are designed to
interface with a star runner. the
 vehicle is a training machine of some sort. Star and it had a lovely chat
when they were connected. They knew each other apparently."
"Don't let Tara Lee know about that one," Josh warned me.
"I can't tell Tara Lee anything about any of this," I replied quite
stiffly.
"You haven't heard from her, have you?" Josh asked a bit more kindly.
"No, not that it is any business of yours," I said. "Besides, I'm on a case
and rather busy at the moment."
"I'm willing to bet you'd talk to her if she called," Josh said.
"But she hasn't called," I said.
"And you haven't messaged her either, have you?" Josh asked.
"I said I am on a case," I said. I could not keep the defensiveness out of
my voice.
Josh held up a hand. "OK, OK," he said. "I'll lay off the questions."
We traveled by caravan to the spaceport. I had arranged for the training
vehicle--Star always called fliers and spacecraft either vehicles or rides--
prepared for our departure. It was waiting for us on one of the fields.
Star would have called it a ride park. I wished I could stop thinking in
these terms. But it was, after all, Star's property. I was still listed as
someone who could use the flier or designate someone else to use it. That
had been thoughtful of Star. Little could Star have guessed what I would be
using the flier for.
I thought again how Gyllian had not wanted Star involved. Was that for
Star's sake or for hers? Was she protecting Star or was this a case of no
non-humans need apply?
The flier recognized me by name. I introduced Josh and we followed the AI's
directions.
"It sounds quite robotic," Josh observed.
"It is not designed for human interaction," I said. "Remember, it is a
teacher for star runner trainees. I don't think they are coddled very
much."
"All star runners must be competent to serve," the flier said. "Failure to
pass all tests results in early termination."
"Termination?" Josh asked. "They drop out of the program?"
Before the flier could respond, I said, "No, Josh. They either succeed as
star runners or they are destroyed. That is what termination means."
"They are killed?" Josh was appalled as was I when I learned what this
ufamism meant.
"Ungendered Pantherans are created to service the common good," I said,
using another uthemism. "If they cannot do this, it is assumed their design
is flawed. Their performance and biological data is reviewed and
corrections are made in the design specs."
"So they are manufactured?" Josh was astonished.
"They are created from genetic material in the lab and then a female is
impregnated and carries a litter to term," I said. "That's about all I know
of the process."
"That's barbaric," Josh said.
"I agree," I said. "But hat's how they do it."
"And Star?"
"Star was declared surplus and scheduled for termination," I said. "Star
was deemed to be too independent. Being independent, Star left the
Coalition and went to the Northern Frontier."
"But don't they need some kind of AI support?" Josh continued his
incredulity.
"Star has never said," I explained, "but I think Star had help from some of
the other races."
During this entire exchange the AI had kept quiet. I wondered belatedly if
I should have spoken in front of it.
"This particular star runner," the AI said, "used those powers of
independent thinking to great effect. It is regrettable that the military
couldn't find an appropriate assignment."
I relaxed. Clearly Star and the AI had had a heart to heart. I supposed
that would not be too difficult since they shared information on a neural
level. What did this AI know about me?
