# Our Impressions of the Southern Continent #

* This file is not paragraphed.

It is not required for anyone to file a flight plan when leaving the Faros
Lighthouse Spaceport. Of course you can file one if you want to. This does
make it possible for you to be traced if something goes wrong, but with a
poisonous atmosphere and very hot or very cold temperatures the likelihood
of your surviving a crash or other technical malfunction is very low. It is
more likely that you do not want your travel to be traced. As this was the
character of our travel, we simply let the modified star runner trainee
flier takeoff and after a time, when we were far beyond the city, plot its
flight path to the southern continent.
I had been to the southern continent before. Our villa was located near the
southern pole. I knew Star sold the villa but I did not know to whom. As I
reviewed our flight plan on the display in front of me, I saw we were going
to be setting down within a few hundred miles of the villa. The good news
was that we were relatively far away from the ring of volcanoes which
circled Hypatia along the fortieth parallel south. The bad news was that
Hypatia was extremely cold at this latitude indicated for the dig. That
meant we could not sped any time outdoors even in our environmental suits.
They were rated for the Hypatian cold, but only that around Ptolemy City
which was in a very temperate zone--temperate as far as Hypatia was
concerned. Hypatia was at the extreme distant from Pharaoh for human
existence.
Josh said, "This flier seems so primitive."
"It's not primitive," I said. "It's more that it is bare bones."
The flier said, in a very mechanical voice, "My systems are not state of
the art but they were fully rebuilt when Captain Star Runner took control.
You are perfectly safe."
I wasn't sure of the adjective "perfectly", but I accepted the flier's
assurance. Star would not have flown a vehicle that was not performing up
to its specifications. Star was quite anal retentive about such things. The
maintenance schedules were kept running. Star set aside funds for that.
There may be a lot of corruption on Hypatia, but everyone took reliable
fliers and spacecraft to be sacrosanct.
Josh said, "This is pretty rough terrain."
"The southern continent is more rugged than the northern one," I said.
"There are remarkable views here. If it wasn't so far from Ptolemy City,
I'm sure there would be a regular tourist run. I've been told the
commercial sightseeing flights are designed so that a rescue flight can
make it there in time if the tourists environmental suits are not damaged.
There should be no undue discomfort."
"Out here, we'd have no chance," Josh said.
The flier said, "No malfunctions are indicated. We are on schedule to reach
our destination."
"Touchy," Josh said.
"AIs, even this one, are quite sensitive," I said. "Christabel would be
spitting nails at this point."
"Christabel?" Josh inquired.
"Star's AI," I said. "She's quite entertaining, but if you question one of
her systems, she gets quite snippy. Some of her debates with Star, when
Star chooses to put them on speaker, are quite remarkable. They have their
arguments at the speed of thought otherwise or even at the speed of iconic
display. Star has thrown up a representation of that. I cannot even see the
icons as they scroll and change. Apparently,these symbols and icons are
Pantheran text. They find our written words extremely cumbersome and
difficult to read."
"So they are almost thinking faster than we are," Josh mused. "I wonder if
a human being could learn to read Pantheran."
Our display changed. I realized the flier was showing it as a Pantheran
reading device. Josh and I studied it for a few minutes, watching it
change.
"Restore human interface," I said when my head began to pound. The fast-
moving symbols were just a barrage of flickering lights.
The display changed into something much more manageable.
"An interesting object lesson," Josh said. "Was that sped up?"
"No," I said. "That was probably even at its slowest refresh rate."
"No kidding," Josh said.
"They are visually quite adept," I said, "though they cannot see still
objects as well. If there is motion, they're quick. IF you ever want to
almost disappear, stay still."
"You're not serious," Josh said.
"If you are not very visible to begin with," I said, "staying quite still
makes you hard to see. It's happened to me."
"Really?"
"Really," I aid. "It was quite astonishing. That's why that display kept
flickering. Even a static value has to be constantly changing to be easily
read and understood."
"Don't their eyes get tired?" Josh asked.
"It's all done through the neural net," I said. "Star has a visual display
in each eye as well as being fully integrated into the AIs neural net. They
can even track several different displays in each eye. That may, of course,
be specific to star runners."
"No," the flier said, "but each individual has its own capabilities. Your
Captain Star Runner is one of the best I ever trained."
The flier negotiated a high and narrow pass through the ring of volcanoes.
The angles of the resulting mountains were harsh. he wind was fierce and
the visibility often went to zero with the mist. When we were through, the
landscape for miles and miles was flat. We saw only the swirling wind and
the play of colors across the flier's ports. I thought of our villa and the
hours I spent watching the ever changing patterns of color. Star did not
see color well at that distance, but even Star found the display
fascinating.
"I can give you a visual on our destination," he flier said. The display
changed from meteorological and flier systems data to a picture. It looked
very much like the encampment on the Landscape of Thorns. I realized that
meant it was an Alliance of Planets military installation. Under one of
those domes, probably the largest, was the dig itself. I wondered what it
would tell us.
"That looks military," Josh said. "I've only seen pictures, of course, but
it doesn't look like a civilian installation."
"I was thinking the same thing," I said. "I had not thought this through
before. What does it mean to have an Alliance of Planets military
installation in the Pharaoh Star System?"
"It sound provocative," Josh said. "And we're under contract to them. What
will that mean for us?"
"I don't know," I said. "Maybe we're just contractors the way the League of
Hypatian Pirates are contractors."
"But we're service workers," Josh said, "not pirates."
"We have a pirate under contract," I said. "Maybe we can do something after
the fact."
"I don't want the pirate classification," Josh said stiffly. "My work
depends on trust and not everyone rusts a irate."
"True enough," I said.
"Prepare for set down," the flier said.
We landed with a hard thump, but other than that, everything went smoothly.
I helped Josh on with his suit. I was a lisle more experienced. The last
time we had been in environmental suits was at the Over the Moon Spaceport
and that had not been a pleasant experience for either of us. Fortunately,
we were still alive when it was all over. We had our doubts at the time.
"Shall we go see Tamara?" I asked.
"No time like the present," Josh said.
We moved to the airlock.
