# Tamara Shows Us Around and Explains What She Has Learned So Far #

* unformatted
* better conversation around the Pantheran view of history and the
  interdiction
  
We tramped toward the nearest dome. We were not certain where to go
exactly. There had been no visual or audio contact with the facility. We
thought that a bit odd, but maybe being self-contained they didn't assign
someone to monitor any of the usual frequencies here on Hypatia.
As we approached the dome, a figure emerged from it. I tuned my radio to
the frequency I used on Landscape of Thorns. I heard someone say, "Hello
there, Ronnie."
"Ronnie here," I said. I quickly tuned the frequency Josh and I were using
and instructed him to change to the frequency the person coming toward us
was on.
I tuned back. "Hello," I said again.
"It's Tamara," the voice said. "How was your flight?"
"Uneventful," I said. "I'm with Josh."
"Gyllie said you would be bringing him. Do you want refreshments first or
to see the dig?"
"The dig," I said. "We want to understand what's going on here so we'll
have a better idea how to monitor any news or how we might shield you from
any exposure of information."
"We are using military protocols," Tamara said.
"I see that by your installation," I said. "It looks a lot like what was
put up on Landscape of Thorns."
"That may be Gyllie's influence, too," Tamara said, changing her direction
and indicating by gestures for us to follow her. She was, as we had
suspected, heading for the largest dome.
"We were also speculating on the impact of having an Alliance of Planets
facility on Hypatia," Josh said. "We're not sure of the political
ramifications."
"Neither are we," Tamara said. "Tech;Technically, according to Gyllie, the
Pharaoh Star System is open to all--humans, Featherote Charm, the Fungusian
Network and the Pantherans to name the major races. Given that it is
occupied by humans, it may not be as open as all that. As we are a human
facility managed by both a university and a governmental agency, we're
hoping that is enough not to cause a fracas."
"But according to Gyllian," I said, "you think you may be impacting the
space expansion narrative. That could cause problems with the Pantherans."
"That's right," Tamara said. "And the Pantherans are particularly good at
sniffing out our research.. They totally shut us down in the Prince Hat
System and destroyed those sites. We're hoping to get a lot done here
before they try to interfere."
"So you think they will interfere," I said.
"That depends on a number of factors," Tamara said. "We can talk about them
later."
I wondered uneasily if we would return to the subject. The thought of
Pantheran warships firing on Hypatia made me very queasy indeed. I did not
think the Rich and Famous and the League of Hypatian Pirates would take
well to eventuality. I wondered if they would have a response. It certainly
might dissuade the tourist trade from being so brisk. People might find
other places to conduct business and Ptolemy City would fall on hard times.
If it was no longer profitable, the whole city and the Alexandria Space
Station could fold. Thinking of the space station prompted me to think of
Tara Lee. What would she say about this? How much had she guessed. Was her
outburst more driven by fear than personal promise with me? To be
continued, I thought, as we passed through the airlock into the dig.
"We can get out of our suits," Tamara said. "We have breathable air inside
here and right now we aren't doing any blasting or significant digging.
It's perfectly safe."
That word again. I wondered how safe any of this was. Well, I had lived
most of my life under a dome so why worry. Ptolemy City's dome cold be
compromised, I supposed.
We divested ourselves of our suits and followed Tamara toward an
observation deck.
"Standing here," Tamara said, "you can get an idea of watt we're doing.
We've cleared away debris and found an entrance to an underground city."
"They built underground with all those volcanoes?" I asked. "That's
incredible."
"We're taught in school that is why Ptolemy City is built above ground,"
Josh said, "to be better able to withstand any earthquakes."
"We've been continuously using a seismograph," Tamara said, "and things
have been quiet. The city we have discovered has no indication of collapses
due to earthquakes. My geologists tell me the fault lines are not near
here. If there is a quake, it will be very mild. By contrast, you have some
significant fault lines near Ptolemy City."
"Are these our consultants?" a woman asked, climbing up the stairs to the
observation deck.
"Yes, Juliet, hey are," Tamara said. "This is Ronnie Camberwell, a private
investigator and this is her security expert, Josh Hardy. This is Juliet
Maxwell. She's my assistant and historian."
"So you're the one that has to figure out how this facility fits into our
history," I said.
"That's right," Juliet said. "So far, I've been unsuccessful at finding any
reference to it in Solar League records. Unfortunately, I have not received
permission to go to the Solar League archives. The Coalition is blocking
me."
"That sounds ominous," Josh said, obviously pleased at meeting Juliet.
"Not really," Juliet said. "The borders are still closed and very few
requests for access are granted. It may mean nothing at all."
"The Pantherans don't like historical investigations in general," Tamara
said, "especially if they have to do with space expansion. They have their
narrative of Pantheran assistance and they like to promote the idea of
Pantheran benevolence. Anything else would upset the status quo and they
don't like that at all."
"The Pantherans are basically conservative," Juliet said.
"The big cats are basically a pain in the ass," another voice said as we
heard
 footsteps come up the observation deck staircase.
"Oh Cuthbert," Juliet said. "All historians are conservative. They are very
adverse to changing their view of history."
"The same is true of archeologies," Tamara said. "Cuthbert, this is Ronnie
Camberwell and Josh Hardy, our local consultants."
"Word is you have an in with the Pantherans," Cuthbert said to me.
"I know an ungendered Pantheran," I said. "That's quite a different thing
than having an in with the Pantherans."
"I've explained this to you before, Cuthbert," Tamara said a bit sharply.
"We've had our problems with the Pantheran government before. We're hoping
we can avoid one here."
"Well I hope we have more spine here than they did at Prince Hat."
"That was an entirely different set of circumstances," Tamara said very
quickly. "This dig should not have any impact on the Pantheran hegemony on
space travel techniques."
I still did not know what Cuthbert did on this dig. I was not to find out
for some time.
"Juliet," Cuthbert said, sliding his arm across the woman's shoulders. She
was significantly shorer Han he was. "Shall we go and look at those
artifacts as we planned."
His tone was condescending and his manner was possessive. I got the
impression Juliet disliked both. But apparently they had scheduled this
meeting so Juliet turned, shaking off his arm and led the way down the
stairs. Tamara, Josh and I watched in awkward silence. Josh shifted
uneasily beside me. I wondered if there would be a confrontation between
Josh and Cuthbert about Juliet at some point. I wondered how Juliet would
feel about that.

3 Scene 3. 
