# Tamara Takes Josh and Me into the City #

* unformatted
* need to be clear about Tamara's role.


"We're calling it a city," Tamara explained as we walked across the open
area toward the entrance to the city. "We haven't finished charting it. We
don't want anyone to get lost. We don't know how extensive the tunnels
are."
"So you have tunnels," I said, remembering the tunnels in the underground
facility called Landscape of Thorns. I shivered with the recollection.
Tamara and Josh had not been there. I remember feeling an extreme sense of
unease. Only Star triggered the warning lights, audible alarm and verbal
warnings. Star collapsed under their onslaught.
"Tunnels and rooms off of them. Sometimes the connecting rooms are
extensive. We still do not have a very good sense of what the rooms were
for. They don't have any artifacts in them."
"But Cuthbert told Juliet they had a meeting about artifacts," Josh said.
His tone indicated he thought Cuthbert must have been lying.
"Oh, we have found some things," Tamara said. "We just haven't found a lot
of things. It looks like the rooms have been cleared."
"As if the people left in an organized manner," I said.
"Something like that," Tamara said, "but we're starting to find more
things. Tomorrow we have to clear a cave in. Perhaps we'll find something
of significance. Perhaps these rooms were abandoned because they expected
the cave in and thought it best to get everything they had out of them."
"But you said there was an entrance," Josh said.
"It's an entrance we made when we realized there were tunnels and rooms
underneath the surface," Tamara explained. "I'm sorry if I gave you the
impression we found an old exit to the surface. So far, we haven't found
any exits."
"They were locked inside?" I asked. The horror of that thought gripped me.
"There is no evidence for or against that possibility," Tamara said. "We
still don't know."
In my work, there are things I do not know before I investigate or while I
am solving a mystery, but at the end of my jobs, I like to think I
understand what is going on. Tamara might never know who these people were,
what became of them or why they came here in he first place.
Tamara led us down an incline into the tunnel. There were lights and we
walked around. She showed us several rooms. We walked through several
tunnels. She introduced us to several people who passed by. There was not
much to see and little information to gather. I returned to the surface
gladly. I still did not understand why this dig was so important. I asked
Tamara.
"Let's go to my office and we'll talk," Tamara said. "I wanted you to see
the place and meet some of the people. I wish Juliet wasn't so busy. I'll
have to explain the history and why it's so important. She is better at
that than I am."


