# We talk with Tamara in Her Office #

* unformatted
* rushed?

Note to self: More explanation of why there is an observation deck.
Tamara's office in the first dome we saw was quite small but we all managed
to fit in. Tamara provided us with warm drinks which I appreciated. My
environmental suit kept me physically warm, but the experience of being in
the tunnels chilled me. I could not imagine living for any length of time
there. I wondered if that was why space travel was so hard on me. It felt
so unnatural. I supposed that anyone born into that city would find the
walls comforting as those who lived their whole lives on space stations or
in spaceships felt comfort from the nearness of walls.
"Here are some search terms I've thought we should use," I said. "Tunnels,
southern continent--"
"Artifacts," Josh chimed in, "human history, dig, big dig, names of
everyone on site, University of the Gifted Mind, archeology, Alliance of
Planets even the South Pole. The algorithms are more complicated than this.
I can probably ask the Fungusian Network to help in exchange for
information. They wouldn't share it with the Pantherans."
"True enough," Tamara said. "But I would hold off on contacting them right
now. Gyllie wants to play this very close to the chest."
"I understand," Josh said.
"So how did this come about?" I asked.
"An historian on one of the Solar League planets," Tamara began, "found an
entry which read something like: Of course, the people who went to-- and it
gave spacial coordinates. When the historian deciphered the coordinates, it
pointed here to the Pharaoh Star System. Obviously, the historian was
startled and confused. She tried to figure out the date. It fell into the
confused period of conflict between the Pantherans and the Solar League.
There aren't complete records from that time."
"That was hundreds of years ago," I said.
"Seven hundred years ago, approximately," Tamara said. "There are lots of
stories. We can't tell if they are factual or made up. People used to scare
children and maybe each other by threatening them with being carried off by
the Pantherans. We have no proof the Pantherans ever carried anybody off.
They imprisoned people. They interrogated people without due process as we
understand it. But we have no proof they took away great numbers of people
at any given time."
"They occupied planets, didn't they?" Josh asked. "I'm not a very good
student of history."
"They put planets under quarantine," Tamara said. "They did not let any
ships leave planets or let any ships come into planets. Basically it was a
siege but there is no evidence they let a planet starve or a medical
emergency to get out of hand. It might help if you reviewed the history
from that period to understand what happened. I can suggest some entries
which will help. I have had to do a lot of reading myself and being experts
in that part of human;man history is not part of your assignment. I do
think the more familiar you are with the time period and the more you know
about our findings the better."
"What's the Alliance of Planets interest here?" I asked.
Tamara looked troubled. "Gyllie says she's just helping out folks in the
Solar League who can't get out here. I think it's more involved than that.
I think she wants the information to get something from the Pantherans.
She'll keep this quiet if they'll give her something. I don't know if we'll
be able to publish our findings. I'm sharing everything with you, which I
can contractually do, so that this may not get swept under the rug when
we're finished here."
"But you don't know anything conclusively at this point," I said.
"I don't even know if humans were ever here at this point," Tamara said.
"That's how preliminary everything is."
"Not a trace?" Josh was astounded.
"Nothing. No indication of anything living here ever," Tamara said.
"It sounds like it was wiped clean," I said.
Tamara thought for a time. "That's an interesting perspective. Maybe we
weren't supposed to find anything."
"If that's true," I said, "you'd have to figure out if the scrub is recent
or if it was done hundreds of years ago."
"You're right," Tamara said. "This could be a bigger mystery than we
thought."
The flier pinged me. The display popping up on my link was filled with
Pantheran symbols.
"Translation," I said "and full display."
"Complying," the flier said in its mechanical voice.
We all looked at the screen floating between us. Everything looked normal
enough to me. Tamara was studying the display intensely. She said, "Flier,
why did you ping Camberwell?"
"There is another vehicle flying in this area," the flier reported.
"What can you tell me about the flier?" Tamara said.
"Beacon disabled," the flier said. "Course origin unknown. Occupants
unknown."
"Is there more than one?" Tamara asked.
"Unknown."
"Destination?" I asked.
"A villa," the flier said and showed me the coordinates.
"Well, well, well," I said. "Those are the coordinates of the villa Star
used to own. I wonder who is living there now."
"My databases are small," the flier responded. "I do not have exhaustive
data but they were updated recently. No one is currently occupying that
villa. It is listed as abandoned."
"Then they must be squatters," I said "and of no concern."
"Since the party who purchased the villa from Captain Star Runner and you
reneged on the contract," the flier said, "the property has reverted to
both of you."
"Have the codes reset?" I asked. A silly question but I was curious.
"I reset them several maintenance cycles ago," the flier said. "The
squatters cannot get in."
"If that is the case," I said, "why is anyone going there?"
"Maybe they aren't," Tamara said. "Maybe they're using the villa as a
dodge. Maybe they are coming here."
"I suppose we'll have to go see," I said. "It is my property after all in
Star's absence."
"You haven't heard from Star either," Tamara said.
"I don't expect to ever hear from Star," I said, "but this business with
the villa could change that."
"Why?" Josh asked.
"Because Star is careful with Star's property," I said. "I'll send Star a
message about it at some point. It's just the responsible thing to do
between a couple that isn't a couple any more."
"Are you going to check it out now?" Tamara asked.
"Yes," I said. "We should be getting back."
"May I go with you?" Tamara asked.
"Why?" I asked.
"If it's okay," Tamara said, misinterpreting my response.
"It's fine, Tamara," I said. "I just wondered why you wanted to go."
"I want to see who these people are," Tamara said. "Call me paranoid, but I
want to know if they are snooping."
"Sure," I said. "We can swing back here and drop you off."
