# Tamara, Josh and I Go to the Villa #

* unformatted
*  Ronnie needs to make the villa part of her plan.

We all suited up and climbed aboard the flier.
"To the villa," I said. "Do not open anything until I tell you. I ant to
see who is snooping around there."
"Acknowledged," the flier said and we lifted into the atmosphere.
The dome of the villa came into view. It looked the same. A flier was
parked outside.
"Any indication about who it is?" I asked the flier.
"Nothing. No transponder signal. No name. Should I hail them?"
"Good idea," I said.
"Stay in the air," I said. "I don't want to get too close."
"You are you?" a male voice came over the speaker.
"I could ask you the same question," I said. "This is my villa. What do you
want?"
"I thought it was abandoned," the voice said.
"I'm not in residence currently," I said. "But I came to check it out
because I'm thinking about moving back in soon."
"You got the codes for this thing?" the voice asked.
"Of course," I said, "but I'm not giving them to you. If you don't have
codes, you don't get in. That's how it works on Hypatia."
"Yeah, yeah, we know," the voice said. "Don't get all prissy on me."
"Just saying," I said.
We kept in a tight circling pattern. It made me nauseous but the flier did
the right thing. We waited for the flier to take off and disappear into the
hazy sky. On our display, our flier showed us their course. They did not
circle around or hover. They were gone.
"We might as well go in," I said. "I want to make sure everything is okay."
The codes worked and we were soon inside. The air was stale but not
unbreathable. I instructed the simple house AI to keep everything at
minimal. The villa was very cold but undisturbed.
"Well, that's a relief," I said as I climbed back into the flier. "Ready to
go back, Tamara?" I asked.
"Yes." Tamara said. She sounded as if she was going to say more. I hoped
she did not ask me for use of the villa. I felt uncomfortable being here.
True Star put my name on the deed and after the sale fell through I was
still an owner, but this was Star's property now, not mine.
"Did you want to say something, Tamara?" I asked.
"I was wondering," Tamara began.
Here is comes, I thought.
"I was wondering if you would be able to stop in from time to time," Tamara
said. "We have everything we need, but some fresh food stuffs would be
appreciated. It would give me a chance to update you in person and with the
villa, you have a reason now to come out this way."
She was right. The villa was a perfect excuse. I could bring my friends
from time to time, too.
"Brilliant," I said. "That's a really good idea."
