# A History Lesson #

* unformatted
* NEeds a lot of work but this should form the basis for the second
  expansion article.

1 Scene 1. I review human history and ask myself questions.

I am a person who likes moving around. I was, after all, a police officer.
I like physicality. I like exercise, getting out and about. Perhaps that is
why I find extended periods on a spacecraft so confining. My body and its
condition is important to me. As a result, processing a lot of information
about human history was not an activity I was looking forward to.
Fortunately, Tamara had chosen materials that were easier for me to read
and comprehend.
Here's what I learned:
The first expansion into space was hampered by time and distance.
Spaceships could only travel at sub light speeds. This meant that humanity
could only hope to colonize other planets and asteroids in the home system.
Although science fiction had always proposed colonists would be in
cryogenic sleep, the medical and scientific communities never developed
this technology. Alternatively, writers had imagined generational ships.
These, by design, would have to be all things to all people. That design
never got off the ground literally or figuratively. The flights had to be
short enough that extensive governmental systems were unnecessary. Although
hes were necessary when the people reached their new home, they still were
in close enough radio contact that they could consult with colleagues back
on Earth to resolve any major issues. These colonies grew but the available
technology was just not available. Sustaining colonies on the Moon, Mars,
and moons of some of the outer planets and a few asteroids proved possible
but not necessarily attractive. Mostly they were mining operations with the
workers and their families rotating in and out. This was costly but the
results of their mining efforts were worth it.
There were those who wanted to break out of the solar system. They were
able to get funding for a long-term project. They hoped to go fast enough
that Einstein's law of relativity would come into play and they could
return to Earth to report back as well as send radio reports. As a result
of a round trip, they did not need to bring along farming and manufacturing
equipment. They focused on food and medical know-how.
It was on this voyage outside of the solar system that they met the
Pantherans and learned about the hyperspace portals.
The material I read focused on Pantheran motivations. The Pantherans
appeared at first to be benevolent purveyors of technology. They gave the
specifications for jump gates and told human beings where to put them. They
helped build the guidance systems which allowed humanity to traverse
hyperspace safely. Back on earth, engineers were able to reverse engineer
both the gates and the guidance systems to outfit many ships. What the
engineers and other researchers could not figure out was where to put them.
In fact, this is still a mystery. All jump gates known to humanity have
been positioned by Pantherans.
I know from personal experience that star runners can sense where insertion
and extraction points are. Star can open long disused gates or gates that
are in poor repair. Star runners don't need gates at all. Star can often
choose insertion and extraction points which will allow Star to get from
here to there more quickly than human captains can because they have to use
established jump gates. It is not clear to humans whether this is a gift
that only certain Pantherans have randomly or whether there are specific
genetic markers which indicate the Pantheran will be able to make these
determinations. Further, it is not understood exactly how a Pantheran
senses insertion and extraction points.
I wondered if the training flier could shed any light of this or whether
the answer would make no sense to me. I do know that Captain Star Runner is
one of the best detectors around. Star keeps information about insertion
and extraction points very secret as Star believes this gives Star an edge
in procuring business. As a courier, Star is very successful.
Humanity began to expand into the western spiral arm. Suitable planets for
colonization were identified. Populations were settled. The Solar League
was formed.
All was going well until the Pantherans blocked expansion into a particular
cluster of stars. This section became known as the Cornucopia Cluster since
humanity believed these were planets which had great agricultural and
mineral resources. They believed the Pantherans wanted them for themselves.
Jump gates already existed in the Cornucopia Cluster. Humans went and
explored. The planets were available for colonization. Colonies were
established on give planets. Then the Pantherans showed up and said the
colonists had to leave. They gave no explanations for this. When did
Pantherans ever explain anything? Not surprisingly, he colonists refused.
This was when the embargoes were set up, jump gates were disabled or even
removed and there were military encounters.
This sounds very straight forward. In fact, it is not.
First of all, this lasted for several hundred years. Secondly, there were
atrocities on both sides. Thirdly, the Pantherans expanded their pressure
tactics to already thriving colonies. Fourthly, humans attacked Pantheran
outposts.
There was a lot of accusations and counter accusations. Peace talks were
organized and then failed. One or the other side attacked delegates to
these talks. Crops failed. Plagues broke out and could not be contained.
Industrial complexes were destroyed and top people in their fields died or
were killed. A "Back to Earth" Coalition gained in power and humans fell
back from already prospering colonies. This created pressure on other
colonies to produce goods and services for the Solar League as a whole.
Fanatics from both sides employed terrorism to get others to come over to
their side. Records were destroyed by both Pantheran attacks and human
agents favoring one side or the other.
Surprisingly, and I did not remember any of this from school, Tamara's
history outline said it was the Pantherans who eventually brought about an
armistice and established the Coalition. They gave humans a number of the
planets in the Cornucopia Cluster to colonize and withdrew their military
from the space of the Solar League. No explanation for their behavior was
ever given.
Well, this did not surprise me when I thought about it. Whatever their
goal, the Pantherans probably achieved it. Perhaps it was the Coalition
itself with the Pantherans really in charge despite all the window
dressing. Maybe there were internal struggles within the Pantheran
hierarchy. I know Star believes gendered Pantherans can be a little crazy
and maybe the crazies got in charge for a while.
It is during this period of conflict that one researcher believes that the
colony was established on Hypatia.
For humans to come here by themselves, there had to be jump gates already
established. I wondered if we could find out how old our jump gates were
and if the current ones had replaced older ones.
It made sense to me that a human contingent might have wanted to just get
away from the conflict and set up their own colony. They were probably
ideologues.
On the other hand, the Pantherans might have brought a group of humans here
for nefarious purposes like medical experimentation or they might have
wanted to save a portion of humanity while they destroyed the rest.
I realized you could make up some whopping stories about the Pantherans.
Their thought processes are not ours. Their values as a society are very
different from ours. We value the individual. Pantherans do not. After all,
they manufacture the ungendered Pantherans they think they will need and
destroy those who do not work out for one reason or another.
Were the Pantherans trying to engineer humans for their own purposes the
way they manufactured ungendered Pantherans? If so, why did they do it here
far from Coalition space?
Another question popped into my mind. What were the borders from the old
Pantheran Empire which established itself after the Landscape of Thorns was
set up? Did any humans know? I would have to ask either Tamara or Juliet.
At least Tamara and I had a knowledge of one particular Pantheran. I wonder
what Juliet knew about Captain Star Runner. Cuthbert, at least, had no love
of the Pantherans. Most humans did not.
What did I really think? Reading this history, the Pantherans did not come
across well. They were bloodthirsty, unforgiving and not inclined to
compromise. But if I read their history, would humanity sound similar? Then
again, weighing both sides was not something Pantherans did. They saw
themselves in the right and went Fromm there.
Sce
