# Josh and I Visit the Villa and I Think About Captain Star Runner #

* unformatted
* check dates for CST's last visit

and Me
I put together a basic supply list for the villa including the supplies
Tamara had asked for. By their isolation, villas often have great amounts
of food stored in them so it would be a long time before anyone questioned
it. The chatter The Czarina was liable to hear was that I was opening the
villa back up again. There might be speculation about Star's return or our
getting back together again. I wondered if Tara Lee would hear this and how
it would affect her silence. I kept checking for messages but none came. I
felt awful about this but I could not yet imagine what I could say or do to
repair the breech. I was not ready to commit myself to Tara Lee to the
exclusion of others forever and ever. I wondered if finding another girl
friend would let me know if I was serious about Tara Lee. That sounded
would very unfair to the other woman so I dismissed it from my mind.
I received a message that the flier was loaded and ready to go.I messaged
Josh saying that if his work load allowed, I would enjoy his company. I
caught a caravan to the Faros Lighthouse Spaceport and met Josh at the
flier. He was carrying a bag of electronics with him.
"I've got everything to work on your security system," he said. "After you
mentioned it should be looked at, I thought it was a very good idea. I have
no idea what Captain Star Runner may have incorporated into it. From what
you have said, that cat is definitely paranoid."
"And smart," I added, thinking about what I just read of the Second
Expansion.
"Did you get the history files I sent you?" I asked. "It makes for
fascinating reading and you know how much I dislike history."
"Amazing what having a job does to your likes and dislikes, isn't it?" Josh
said, settling himself down in one of the passenger seats. Star installed
luxurious seating for any passengers we might take aboard. The star runner
acceleration web was neatly packaged in the front of the flier. I sat down
in the human pilot's seat.
"Going to drive?" Josh asked.
"I'm going to ask the flier to start teaching me how," I said. "I figure
something might go wrong and I'd need to know."
"You can be confident that I am capable of withstanding significant damage
before manual control is necessary," he flier said, "but I will be happy to
teach you. Captain Star Runner installed the necessary programs should you
express an interest."
"Happy?" I said, struck by the incongruity of this very Pantheran AI saying
it was happy.
"Did I get the figure of speech incorrect?" he flier asked in its flat
mechanical voice.
"No," I said. "It just surprised me that you would say that."
"All AIs strive to expand their knowledge and proficiency," the flier said.
I could have sworn it was offended though I knew that was my imagination
getting the better of me. Christabel, on the other hand, did get offended
and did sulk. She denied it, of course, but it was true.
Somewhere over the vast expanse of the southern continent the flier turned
manual control on. I held the control yoke in shaky hands. My feet were on
the rudder panels. The flier assured me that it would take control
immediately if the flier got off course or pitched and rolled too much. It
would correct and then return control to me until I gave it back. I jostled
the flier quite a bit. I could feel the flier resetting itself into proper
trim and then handing the controls back to me. I was pleased in the time I
had control, these periods of readjustment became shorter.
"For a first outing with no preparation," the flier said, "you did well. We
will have another lesson on the return flight."
The flier used the codes to open the dome and set us down near the entrance
to the villa. The area around the flier re pressurized quickly because of
the dome within a dome architecture. I used another set of codes to gain
entrance to the villa.
"Where are the security controls?" Josh asked. I directed him. He went off
to review them and the myriad security cameras.
I directed the house bots to unload the supplies which would be placed
here. Then I walked around the villa.
I looked into the bedroom we shared. I was not prepared to go in there just
yet. I wen into the kitchen area to prepare some coffee for Josh and tea
for me. This house needed a good cleaning. I instructed the house bots to
do a through job and then go into maintenance mode.
Finally, after delivering Josh's tea to him, I walked into the spacious
living space. Because of the chill, I instructed the fireplace to light
itself.
The villa runs mostly on geothermal power so freezers do not shut down and
lights are always available. I knew Josh would be a while. He was also
going to check the villa's connections to the neural net.
Even if Star returned to the Pharaoh Star System, I imagined Star and I
could share this villa and not both be here at the same time. That gave me
an opportunity to picture Tara Lee and myself here. Would she like it?
Could I imagine the two of us curled up on the floor before this fire, the
many brightly colored cushions piled up against our backs or strewn across
the floor as an elaborate mattress? I remembered the wild ride in the flier
here. I remembered many days spent with Star--the beauty of the wild
landscape outside and the exotic lovemaking inside. Star was full of
surprises. That day I particularly remembered the softness of Star's fur
and the deep rumble of Star's purr. Going to all of Ptolemy City's hot
spots with Tara Lee was exciting. Coming back to my coop for intense sex
was something which could get my heart beating and my body pulsing. But a
snowy afternoon with Star before this fire was a very special memory. Could
Tara Lee leave the pulsing music and elegant restaurants of Ptolemy City
behind for a retreat to this villa? I did not know. We never tried it. Just
picturing her in her Lacey lingerie lounging on these pillows caused me to
become aroused. I missed her. I missed her laughter. I missed watching her
do her nails. I missed watching her exercise, her muscles tensing and
relaxing. I missed admiring her flexibility and strength. She was indeed
beautiful--fully clothed and completely naked. I wanted to run my hands all
over her body. How could I have let her walk out of the Elwood Street Diner
alone? What made me think taking her there would bring us closer together?
Tara Lee was a pearl of great price and I had not given it the suitable
surroundings it deserved.
"Hypatia to Ronnie," Josh said, startling me by his proximity. "How far
away were you?"
"Just thinking," I said.
"About the renown Captain Star Runner or the lovely Tara Lee?" he asked.
Darn. Josh could read my mind. He always could.
"Guilty as charged," I said. "What have you got?"
"Your security systems are up-to-date now," Josh said. "The renown Captain
Star Runner left them that way over a year ago and I just needed to patch
the system here and there. Your codes are refreshed." He handed me the
temporary one time code I would need to update my own to regenerate my
personal codes.
"Star Runner has access to everything?" I asked.
"By paw print, retina scan and DNA markers," Josh said, "not to mention
face recognition."
"Good," I said, getting to my feet. "I guess we can swing over to the dig
now."
Josh put up a hand. "Not yet. The security cams had some interesting images
I thought you should see."
"Bad news?" I asked.
"Possibly," Josh said.
Chapter Seven 
