# Who Is Telling the Truth? More important, Why Would Anybody #

* unformatted
* security at the villa needs sorting

Lie?
Scene 1. Josh shows me what he found on the security files.
Josh pulled up a screen.
"This is edited video," Josh explained. "I had the my security program go
through and pull out items of interest. The security sensors and cams have
been running the whole time, untended, archiving and compressing their
files. It's a very good system. Did Captain Star Runner put it in?"
"No, I don't think so," I said, trying to remember. "I think Star was
impressed by the system already installed. Criminals had this villa before
we did."
That "we" caught me up short. Star and I were a we. I liked it. Were Tara
Lee and I a we? Or we just Tara Lee and Ronnie. Did it matter? Which was
preferable? Josh did not let me dwell on my private thoughts.
"Well, it's a good system," Josh said.
"Star did work on the system," I said. "I remember Star and Christabel had
quite a discussion about it. They had to talk with the Fungusian Network
about it. They sent some updates."
Josh checked a few things.
"And they are continuing to send updates. This system is state-of-the-art
and from the Fungusian Network. That is better than anything I can provide.
I need to talk to them again. This change log is fascinating."
The Fungusians did nothing for free. This meant Star either had a line of
credit with them or there were still funds available to pay for this. I
wondered what part of this service I would have to pay for. Did I need the
best security in the western spiral arm way out here at the South Pole of
Hypatia way out here on the Eastern Frontier?
"Here's what I wanted you to see," Josh said, again drawing me back to the
present.
I watched as a flier came into view. It flew all around the dome. It looked
like a recognizance mission. Then it approached the dome's entrance,
hovered.
"It tried to break your codes," Josh said. "The security system here kept
sending back code failures and refusing to open. It recorded all the
information if could about the flier. Basically, if this system doesn't
want you in, you don't get in."
"Can it fail? Can we be locked out?" I asked.
"I don't know enough about it to be sure," Josh said, "but I do know it has
lots of information about you and Star. It won't let me in to scrutinize it
which is a good thing."
"Do we know who the flier was?" I asked. "Who is trying to break in?L"
"That's the ting," Josh said. "The security system did not know. But our
flier--you don't mind me calling it our flier, do you--knew who they were.
It's the flier from the dig. The flier could identify it. The flier and the
security system talk, AI to AI, and this is what they come up with."
"Why would the flier from the dig come here?" I asked. "And why would it
try to force its way in?"
"I don't know," Josh said, answering my question unnecessarily. "But here
it is, flying away."
"And it came here between the time we were last here and now?" I asked.
"Yes, it did," Josh said. "It came yesterday as a matter of fact."
"I wonder if it was looking for supplies," I said, trying to find a reason
why it would have been so insistent about forcing its way into the villa.
"You told Tamara we were coming, didn't you?" Josh asked.
"Of course," I said. "I didn't want to show up unannounced. I didn't want
to interrupt anything important they were doing."
"So what could be so critical that we are bringing that they couldn't do
without for another day?" Josh asked.
I considered this. "Nothing," I said. "We are bringing fresh food stuffs,
but Tamara said they had plenty of non-perishable food."
"And no one would expect to find something like that here," Josh said.
"The hydroponics are shut down," I said. "They're clean and ready to go
should anyone want fresh lettuce with their sandwich. It was convenient to
have them running when we lived here regularly. Star had bots to tend the
tanks. I can activate them at any time. There just isn't any reason to do
so."
"Then we have a mystery," Josh said. "It bothers me. As a security expert,
this almost looks like a home invasion."
"It does," I said. "Fortunately, nothing happened."
"Only because you have a fabulous security system," Josh said.
"True," I agreed and thought again about Star. If it wasn't for Star ...
"I told the AI to keep doing what it is doing," Josh said. "It told me,
nicely, of course, it would continue doing what it was doing no matter what
I said."
I laughed out loud. "That would be a Fungusian influenced AI," I said.
"They are quite opinionated."
"How do you keep them under control?" Josh asked. He was quite serious.
I paused to think. How to describe it?
"Basically," I said, "you have to have the AI's respect," I said. "You gain
the AI's respect by both talking to it and being the person the AI is
programmed to respect. It's a relationship. I had many heart-to-hearts with
Star's AI. That was tricky since Star and Christabel are so linked. But I
decided to trust Christabel that our conversations would be private. Star
could not access them. I instructed Christabel to delete the conversations
if Star got pushy. Star never did so they must still be a part of that AI's
database. As I recall, the villa AI, part of which is the security system,
is the same way. After all, it sees everything. There are cams all over
with audio pickups."
"You're kidding," Josh said. "The house knows what you're doing all the
time?"
"Sure," I said. "Star set it up that way. I thought it was very freaky at
first. I had Christabel watching me. I had the house watching me. I did not
know what Star might do with the information. After all, Star put Star's
sexual relationship with Emily Dickinson up on his porn site and sold
episodes to other ungendered Pantherans."
"Are you serious?" Josh was aghast.
"Absolutely," I said. "Emily Dickinson was furious. They broke up after
that."
"No kidding," Josh said.
"They sorted it out," I said. "Some money changed hands. Star also pointed
out that the episodes sold well."
"So did Star--" Josh did not finish the sentence and looked uncomfortable.
"I told Star not to," I said. "Star made sure they were not kept on the
villa's long-term system backups. I'm sure there in Star's own memory
backups. That seems right to me."
"And you aren't creeped out about all of this?" Josh asked.
"I am," I said. "But what is my alternative, to have Star delete me
entirely from Star's conscious memory? Should I have never existed? I can't
go in and review memory after memory, picking and choosing, can I?"
"I suppose not," Josh said. "I see what you mean. For us, we keep some
memories and forget others. For beings which share memory with AIs, they
don't forget anything."
"In a way they do," I said. "Star explained that certain memories can be
put in a deep archive. That means they don't disappear. They have to be
intentionally retrieved and therefore are only remembered in general. When
I first met Star, Star's memory storage was very limited. Star could not go
back a long ways until all the memory storage was available."
"That sounds weird." Josh said.
"It is the reverse of someone who has dementia," I said. "They have limited
short term memory. Star had limited long-term memory at that point."
It was easy talking about Star. All my discontent with Star was fading
away. I enjoyed talking about Star. Talking meant I did not have to wonder
where Star was or what Star was doing or if I would ever see Star again or
know what happened to Star.
Tara Lee was on Alexandria Space Station. Making memories with her would be
so less complicated. Womyn! I missed her so much right then. I was willing
to bet she would love this villa if she could remove the thought of Star's
presence. I wondered if she could. Was she so jealous of Star that she
would not be able to go on with me here?
That, I decided, was a question I needed to ask her. Star had been a part
of my life, a very significant part if truth be told. I was not willing to
erase Star from my memory. Memory was just that, something remembered. I
could not just stop remembering. Tara Lee would have to understand that.
Making memories, living our lives in the present was what we could do.
"I think we're finished here," I said aloud to Josh. "Let's go and deliver
the food stuffs and what all to the dig and see how they're doing. Maybe
Tamara can explain what is going on."
Scene 2. 
