# We Ask Questions and Listen to Tamara's Answers. #

* unformatted
* These are scenes. I'll have to go back and map the chapters.
But Tamara could not explain. This surprised all three of us.
"Let me understand," Tamara said, looking troubled. "Your security system
identified our flier has attempting to enter your villa."
"That is what the security system reports," Josh said. "It cross-referenced
with our flier which has its own AI."
"And Star Runner and the Fungusian Network maintains these AIs," Tamara
said.
"That's right," I said.
"And our records do not show our flier leaving the base."
I felt queasy. Either the AIs I was using or Tamara's records were in
error. That was the only explanation. Tamara knew that, too, and maybe
better than I did, she knew an error in Fungusian Network maintained AIs
was extremely unlikely.
"I don't know what to say," Tamara said. "I want to tell you that you are
mistaken, but arguing against the Fungusian Network is just plain idiotic."
"I can look at your systems," Josh offered.
"I appreciate your offer," Tamara said, "but I can't do it. These are
Alliance of Planets military systems."
Then I understood the depth of Tamara's worry. If military systems could be
breached like this, what sort of trouble was she in?
"I'd run systems checks," Josh said. His remark sounded lame even to my
ears.
Tamara sighed. "Already in progress," she said. k"Thank you for bringing
the supplies. I hope there will not be another incident."
This sounded very much like a dismissal and not a friendly one. I felt
embarrassed for Tamara. I was about to say something more when Juliet burst
through the door of Tamara's office.
"Tamara, you have to come," Juliet cried. "You have to come and see. We
cleared the cave in. You must come now."
Tamara hesitated. She had been about to shew us out of her office and have
us leave the dig over a security matter. Now Juliet was encouraging her to
come to see something important. As we were listening for news about the
dig, we had to know what this new development was so we could listen more
intelligently. Whatever this new discovery was, it appeared to be big.
"Let them come, Tamara," Juliet said, rightly interpreting Tamara's
hesitation but not knowing its cause. "They'll want to see, too."
So we followed in Juliet's wake.
Scene 3. 
