# We See But We Do Not Understand #

Juliet led us to the big dome which required us suiting up and then walking
down a narrow ramp into the tunnels.
"I hope you are not claustrophobic," Juliet said.
I am, a bit, but I was not going to tell Juliet. I practiced my breathing
techniques, knowing it was consuming more oxygen but it was better than
freaking out underground. "It's just like a spaceship," I told myself.
"It's just like being aboard Alexandria Space Station."
This did not really help, but I did try.
We twisted and turned. I realized I had no idea where we were going and I
would have no idea how to find my way back out. I hope the way was marked
but I did not see any obvious signs. This was not as well laid out as the
Landscape of Thorns or as well-lighted. Funny how a place of such mystery
and toxicity could seem safer than the unknown dig here on my own planet.
Well, the atmosphere here was toxic, too.
We passed the place of the cave in. Nothing seemed different.
"Up here," Juliet said.
We stepped into a room. Work lights illuminated everything. I gasped.
The walls were covered by a mural. I turned this way and that to take it
all in. There were pictures of people living on a green world. I knew it
was a green world because I had been to West of the Moon.
"The people here," Juliet said, "knew what an earth like planet looked
like."
"What people?" Tamara asked. "Have you found any evidence of people? The
Featherote have green worlds. The Pantherans are oxygen breathers.
Presumably they have green worlds, too. They have savannas."
"They do?" Juliet asked, momentarily diverted.
"They have legends about them," Tamara said. "But what evidence of people
living here do you have?"
"That would be premature," Cuthbert said over our radios. "Juliet is
jumping to conclusions based on these pictures. We at least know someone
was here and that they posted art. It's the first evidence we have that
someone was really here. We can speculate, but it suggests we may find
other artifacts here that will help us understand what this place is."
"Anything else here?" Tamara asked.
"Nothing," Cuthbert said. "The room is clean. We don't have any idea what
this room is used for."
"Is there anything which can identify this world?" Tamara asked. "Is it
general--any green world--or is there something specific in these
pictures."
"We're analyzing everything right now," Cuthbert said. "We'll let you
know."
The mural was breathtaking. It was a picture perfect world--blue sky, snow-
capped mountains, a beach by an ocean, a forest. There were no people in
the pictures. No animals either for that matter. These were just
landscapes.
I touched Tamara's arm, suit to suit.
"We'll be going," I said. "Is it easy to find our way out again?"
"I'll take you," she said. "Cuthbert has this site well in hand."
"We're documenting everything now," Cuthbert said. "I'll upload everything
shortly and give you a report by dinnertime."
"Thank you, Cuthbert," Tamara said.
"Then Juliet and I will have a heart to heart," Cuthbert said.
It was a throw away line, but it sounded condescending and therefore
ominous to me.
"How can you find your way out?" Josh asked Tamara on a private channel
between the three of us.
Tamara showed us the tags on the wall and how to activate them. They gave a
lot of local information.
"I thought the pictures were lovely," I said. "But I don't understand why
they are there."
"Neither do I," Tamara said. "It's a very large room. There's a lot of
empty space and when you are underground, that's expensive and precious. We
need a lot of more information about this place. Juliet is an excellent
historian but way to quick to jump to conclusions."
"Enthusiastic, too," Josh said.
"And I appreciate that," Tamara said. "It is far too easy to get bored or
frustrated wig this work. I just hope it gives us a clue rather than
confusing us. For all we know,that room was storage for a museum and that
is all this place is."
"You'd like answers," I said.
"I need answers," Tamara said. "I don't know how much time I have and I
have the mystery of your villa, too. I don't like it, Ronnie. I'll be frank
with you two."
I thought she might say more, but Tamara was an excellent administrator and
she did not share her thoughts with us. We said good-bye and went on our
way.
