# I Get An Assignment I Do Not Like
* unformatted
* Shouldn't Gilllian be the one to tell Ronnie about the Solar League
  reporter?
  #


1 From Investigator Ronnie Camberwell's Notes s on the Big Dig

I find my notes for this period are quite repetitive. I kept bringing
supplies to Tamara and her exploration of the tunnels. I kept dropping by
the villa. There were no repeats of the base's flier, or any flier for that
matter,visiting the villa. Every time I saw Tamara, she appeared more
worried and less communicative. No other significant finds occurred. The
team cleared more and more tunnels. They seemed to go on for ever and ever.
Scans of the area were inconclusive. The area appeared to be shielded but
no definite information could be found. Tunnels would stop abruptly or ramp
down to tunnels underneath the already explored level. Nothing was
found.Except for the murals, the tunnels appeared to be empty of any clues.

2 Scene 1. At the Base with Tamara

"We're running out of time," Tamara told me one afternoon. We still don't
understand what went on here, but we have no data to suggest humans were
ever here. I am reaching my initial allocation of funds. I can't justify
our staying here to the University of the Gifted Mind or the Alliance of
Planets. The murals are beautiful and curious, but they tell us nothing. We
can't even date them. We can't date anything here."
"Why not?" I asked.
"Nothing registers on our equipment," Tamara said. "We can't explain that
either. That's the only reason, quite frankly, that I think we should stay.
We don't understand the technology. If this installation is from the Second
Space Expansion, we know of no human technology like this. So either we're
wrong about the date or we're dealing with an alien race. We just don't
know."
"And something bothers you about not knowing," I said.
"What we learned in the Prince Hat System," Amara said, "is that forces
were at work in the western spiral arm we knew nothing about. We never got
the whole story. The Pantheran warships showed up and sealed off access to
the whole system. We can't get back into it because there are no jump gates
anywhere near there. We were able to get into that system because we had
access to a very old jump ship. Now even that ship can't get in."
"A jump ship?" I asked. "I didn't know humans had jump ships."
"They have a couple very old ones," Tamara said. She was speaking very
carefully. I wondered if this information was classified. "They can jump,
but conditions need to be right. It is what is called having an open
system. Prince Hat was open as it is well west of Coalition space and
nobody lives there any more. However, the Pantherans did something to seal
the whole area off. We can't get in. We don't know if they blew up the
planets or just sealed them off."
I grew cold inside. Could the Pantherans seal off the Pharaoh Star System
that way? Would they dare to do that?
Tamara saw my fear.
"Precisely," she said. "It would be an incredibly bold move, but they could
possibly do it."
"What's here that they would want to hide?" I asked.
"I have no idea," Tamara said.
"There's another thing," Tamara said after a silence. "Some kind of word
has leaked out."
"I haven't heard anything," I said quickly, maybe too quickly.
"That's not what I mean," Tamara said. "I'm told a reporter from the Solar
League is on her way in search of a story. I was wondering if you could
head her off."
"I'm trying to figure out how a private investigator in Ptolemy City would
talk to a Solar League reporter about a non-existent dig on the southern
continent," I said.
"The same way the head archaeologist who is not here does I suppose,"
Tamara said.
"Perhaps The Czarina and Captain Kidd could manage it," I said. "The
Czarina is good at that sort of thing and Captain Kidd can talk your leg
off. Great stories, but they will tell the reporter absolutely nothing. The
Czarina can spin a tale."
"So I've heard," Tamara said.
"You have?" I asked. Then I realized who was spinning the tale when Tamara
frowned. "Captain Star Runner, I presume," I said.
"The same," Tamara said. "I wish Star was here.Star might have a clue if
the Pantherans were involved."
I did not say anything. What could I say?
Tamara pushed her long dark hair out of her face. She was looking more
disheveled every time I saw her.
"The crew is getting restless," Tamara said. "We're not getting anywhere."
"About the Solar League reporter," I said.
"I'll let you know," Tamara said.
Scene 2
