# 1In My Co-op at the Womyn's Cooperative Housing Authority #

* unformatted
* Gillian needs to make the call from the previous chapter especially
because she is making the call here.
I was home. I was caught up on all my work. I was at home with nothing to
do, no where to go and no one to do nothing with. Tara Lee had not
contacted me. I had not contacted her. I did not know what to message, what
to say, what to do except to say that I missed her and thought about her
all the time. Since her ultimatum at the Elwood Street Diner, I had not
returned there. I hid in my coop and felt sorry for myself. I had no
answers to Tara Lee. I felt completely stuck. I could not go forward with
my relationship with Tara Lee and I could not resume my relationship with
Captain Star Runner. Both of them were out of reach. I did not think I
could even consider going out with someone else.
My link signaled: a priority message. A voice call. Caller information was
blocked. Should I answer?
It was, I thought, likely this was a new client who was panicky and
uncertain about calling a private investigator. Usually these people used a
throwaway messaging address, untraceable locations and texts which deleted
themselves after a short space of time.
I answered.
"I have a problem," the caller began, "and I need you to fly to the villa
at these coordinates as soon as possible. Tell me what you find. Watch your
back. Bring help if you think you'll need it."
The caller ended the call. I never agreed to do the job but I knew I would.
The caller was Colonel Gyllian Romeres Lujo.
Scene 3. 
