# The Villa in Question #

I called my team. It was high time we all did a job together. They all
agreed. We met at the flier and climbed aboard.
Scene 3. We Talk As We Fly
"And that's it?" Josh asked when I played back Gyllian's call.
"That's it," I said.
"Do you think it's a trap?" The Czarina asked. She was not wearing her
tiara. She was earing body armor and carried at least two ray guns I could
see. I wondered what else she was packing. Some day I needed to hear her
story.
"My gut says no," I said. "But it does say I don't like it."
Captain Kidd said nothing. He, too, was armored and carrying what looked
like an arsenal. Josh was unarmed.
"I've checked out the coordinates Ronnie was given," Josh said. "The villa
was owned by Adam Worth."
"I thought his villa was on the Island Continent," I said.
"It is," Josh said. "But he laid claim to several villas, at least one on
every continent.
"What else do you know about it?" Captain Kidd asked. "I haven't heard
anything about this one."
Josh waved a screen into view. It displayed the villa--quite modest
compared to ours, but then again, ours was quite impressive.
"Hmm," Captain Kidd said. "Looks like a meeting place off the beaten track.
No questions. You could stash people or goods there and no one would be the
wiser. And from what we now know about Worth, it could be a good place to
dump bodies, too."
"Do you have any more information or pictures?" The Czarina asked.
"No,," Josh said. "I do have a strange entry about a party held there some
years ago."
"Spill," The Czarina said. "A party could be helpful."
I wasn't sure why.
"A party was held at the southern retreat of Mr. Adam Worth," Josh read
aloud. "Among those present were the Contessa Aida, her daughter Phani and
Robert and Gwen Chen, friends of hers from Over the Moon and their son,
Trenton NJ."
"The Contessa owned our villa," I said. "Her daughter Phani was crazy."
"And a murderer," The Czarina added. "She and Trenton NJ are still in the
wind and haven't been heard of for some time."
"That sounds vaguely familiar," I said.
"You investigated the deaths of Jonathan Gelf and serreli Greenstocking,"
The Czarina said. "They were art collectors."
"Oh that investigation," I said. "I thought Captain Star Runner was
involved with that."
"Star was involved," he Czarina said.
I went cold inside.
"Star was transporting art work. Phani had some sort of hold on Star while
Gwen Chen operated a spacer feeding place at Over the Moon which Star
favored. It was quite a messy business. I don't know all the details, you
understand. Romeres Lujo was involved. She is not very forthcoming."
Captain Kidd patted her hand. "There, there, dear," he said. "She doesn't
understand how you can keep your tongue. She only knows how to read a
security clearance."
"Who held the party," The Czarina asked.
"Worth apparently," Josh said. "The article is about the party."
"And I didn't write it," The Czarina sad sadly. "I wish I had more access
to the parties of the Rich and Famous."
"You're known at Shepheard's," Captain Kidd told her, trying to boost her
spirits. "That counts for something."
We flew on. It would hard to be say this villa was a neighbor of ours. It
was over a thousand miles away and on the other side of the volcanic ring.
We found two other fliers parked there. Neither had its transponder on.
Neither could be identified. Our flier did not have much scanning equipment
aboard. Maybe at one time, but certainly not now. As we readied ourselves
to step outside the flier, it lamented its lack of weaponry and
sophisticate reconnaissance equipment.
"Maybe someday," I told it, wondering why I was making such a lame promise
to an AI.
"I would be so much more useful to you with those items," the flier said.
"I await their installation at your convenience."
We climbed down onto the ground in our suits. Could we get inside?
Josh worked his magic and the airlock cycled.
Noting was visible in the room we entered. The villa did not register any
sounds, but we were listening through our suits. We kept them on as we
moved slowly forward. I wondered if I should call out, make my presence
known. On the one hand, that would avoid getting unnecessarily shot. On the
other hand, it would alert anyone inside of our presence and we might get
shot anyway. I was no longer a police officer and required to identify
myself.
"Hello there," a voice called. "Are you the cavalry?"
The voice was familiar. The attitude was even more familiar.
"Emily Dickinson?" I called.
"Yours truly," Emily Dickinson said. "Did Gyllie send you?"
"Yes," I said. "What can I do for you? I've brought Josh, The Czarina and
Captain Kidd."
Of course if Emily Dickinson was speaking to us at ray gun point, what I
just said would have been ill-advised, but he said, "That's wonderful. You
can help me with these two stiffs."
We walked into the next room and found Emily Dickinson sitting a chair. Two
dead men lay on the floor beside the hearth of an enormous fireplace. It
was not a real fireplace of course. It was simulated and could be made to
show a fire and produce heat and light.
Captain Kidd, seeing Emily Dickinson without an environmental suit, took
off his helmet and his gloves. He went to check on the dead men.
"Any idea who these two guys are?" I asked.
"Not a clue," Emily Dickinson said.
"Can you explain your presence here?" I asked.
"That's a very long story," Emily Dickinson said.
"I have time," I said, taking off my helmet and gloves. "Start talking or
we leave."

3 Chapter Nine 
