# What Happened and What We Learned at Adam Worth's Villa #

* unformatted
* clarity about Emily Dickinson's work

4 From the Notes of Private Investigator Ronnie Camberwell

Based on a voice call from a woman I assumed was Colonel Gyllian Romeres
Lujo, Josh, The Czarina, Captain Kidd and I took the flier to a villa which
most recently belonged to Adam Worth. The villa was located on the other
side of the ring of volcanoes from the archaeological dig and my villa.
When we arrived, we found Emily Dickinson and two dead people. I had many
questions.

5 Scene 1.Talking with Emily Dickinson at the Villa

"So," I said to Emily Dickinson, "what are you doing here? Are you alone?
Can we stay and talk safely? Who are these people and how did they come to
be dead?"
This was not good police procedural behavior, but I am no longer a police
detective. The police would not be called in. The southern continent is not
their purview. They do not have the resources or the authority to come into
someone's private property outside of Ptolemy City. The list of reasons for
staying away from this incident go on and on.
Emily Dickinson held up his hands.
"Slow down, superwoman," he said. "It's okay. I'm the only living person
here. I don't know who those people are and I don't know how they ended up
dead."
"What are you doing here then?" I asked.
"I came here only a little while before you did," Emily Dickinson
explained.
"Why? Why couldn't you handle this? Why were we summoned?" I asked. I was
becoming irritated.
"Only you were summoned, as you put it," Emily Dickinson said. "You brought
these these other folks."
"Why?" I asked.
"Why did you bring them?" Emily Dickinson asked.
"Stop fooling around," I said. I was out of patience now. "I'd like some
answers."
"Gyllie called you," Emily Dickinson said.
"She said she needed my help," I said.
"She does," Emily Dickinson said.
"Do I have to play Twenty Questions or are you going to tell me what's
going on?" I asked. I was about to take my friends and leave.
"We have a problem," Emily Dickinson said.
I waited. "There's a mole in Tamara's organization," Emily Dickinson said.
"We don't know who. We don't even know who the mole is working for. We just
know that information is being sent to a Solar League Examiner reporter."
I waited. Silence can be effective. I knew about the reporter from Tamara.
I did not know the source of the reporter's information.
"As far as we can ell," Emily Dickinson went on, "the reporter is not
interested in the dig itself. She is only interested in the money being
spent on it and that the Solar League is cooperating with the Consortium of
Planets." Note: It is not the Alliance of Planets. It is the Consortium of
Northern Frontier Planets, usually the Consortium of Planets or the
Consortium for short.
"So the reporter's interests are political," I said.
"Precisely," Emily Dickinson said. "What is the political implications that
the Solar League is working with the Consortium and is Solar League money
involved."
I waited again. This was very complicated within the Coalition. I was not
certain if this had implications for the Pharaoh Star System. I was pretty
sure this was well above my pay grade and beyond the scope of he
investigation I was asked to do.
"Tamara is pretty sure she knows who the mole is," Emily Dickinson said.
"We had intel that he was meeting someone here. I was sent to remove him
from Hypatia. I am not sure if one of the people over there is our mole."
I walked over to look at the dead people, a man and a woman.
"One of them is Cuthbert from the dig," I said. "I don't recognize the
other one but it's a woman."
Emily Dickinson sighed. "Tamara thought Cuthbert was the mole."
"Makes sense," I said. "He was in charge of the actual mechanics of the
dig. They haven't found anything really. They are at the end of their
resources, at least that is what Tamara told me."
"Could the woman be the reporter?" The Czarina asked.
"Could be," Emily Dickinson said.
The Czarina joined me to look down at the woman. She had long brown hair
and was conservatively dressed.
"That's Denise Kahlil," The Czarina said. "She's a reporter for the Solar
League Examiner."
"Bingo," Emily Dickinson said.
"So why did you kill them?" I asked. Emily Dickinson was, after all, an
assassin for hire.
Emily Dickinson did not answer. He did not deny my charge though he had
insisted they were dead before he arrived.
"Emily Dickinson," I said, "what is going on here?"
While we talked, Captain Kidd moved to stand next to Emily Dickinson. He
pressed his knife against Emily Dickinson's throat.
"I told you the truth," Emily Dickinson said. "I did not have a contract to
kiln these people. I found them dead. Gyllie did send me."
Captain Kidd kept his knife in place.
"Did you come to kill them?" I asked. "Is that why Colonel Romeres Lujo
sent you?"
"Yes, she sent me," Emily Dickinson said. "She did not send me to kill
them."
"Until they answered your questions," Captain Kidd said. He drew blood by
pressing his knife a little harder against Emily Dickinson's throat. I was
amazed at Emily Dickinson's cool.
"I had permission to use force if necessary," Emily Dickinson said.
"And you did," Captain Kidd said.
"Do tell us why," The Czarina said.
"I can't," Emily Dickinson said.
"Oh, yes you can," Captain Kidd said.
This was ugly. I always thought of Gyllian as a decent person. I suppose
being one of the top people in the Ministry of Defense means you do things
that are not decent. Was this only one of many?
We all waited. We had a contract with Gyllian, too.
a "This wasn't a contract killing," Emily Dickinson said. "I'm working for
the Ministry of Defense now, too. I was an intelligence officer in the
Solar League military once as was Gyllie. She hired me on after I left
Ptolemy City last year. It seemed like a good thing to do. Because of my
freelance work and my knowledge of Hypatia, I was the logical candidate to
send."
"And what went wrong?" Josh asked. He was still standing by Cuthbert's
body.
"They did not take the threat seriously," Emily Dickinson said. "They
thought they could refuse to cooperate and leave here alive. That was not
an option."
"And what is our role?" I asked. Truth to tell, I had no investment in the
Consortium of Planets or the Solar League. If either of them went away,
things could be tough in the Pharaoh Star System, but we would still have
the League of Hypatian Pirates, the free port of Three Ravens on the
Southern Frontier and a lot of folks who would want to go to the
Aesculapius Medical Facility. They were entrenched on Cleopatra, depending
primarily on the League of Hypatian Pirates for their supplies. And the
Coalition needed the antonium from the mines on Mark Antony.In my humble
opinion, and not being up-to-speed on all the political and financial
ramifications, I figured this kept us pretty safe from Coalition, meaning
Pantheran, interference. That the Consortium of Planets had sent one of its
agents to interrogate and then assassinate two people on Hypatia was
troubling but then Hypatia preferred to be a lawless place where such
things could happen.
"Talk," Captain Kidd said, not removing his knife.
"You can put your knife away," Emily Dickinson said. "I'll tell you
everything you want to know."
"I prefer to keep it just where it is," Captain Kidd said. "Your reputation
does precede you."
Captain Kidd did move the knife a minuscule distance from Emily Dickinson's
throat.
"Spill," Captain Kidd said.
"Things inside the Coalition are quite tense," Emily Dickinson said. "The
Pantherans keep having reasons to have a greater military presence and less
autonomy by the races inside the Coalition. Their spy networks are so good
it is difficult for any organized resistance to their activity to be
effective. The Solar League has appealed to the Consortium for help. The
planets on the Southern Frontier are not organized so they cannot be of
much held. Mostly those planets are either agricultural or held by families
like on Fair Haven. The Consortium can do a few things--I'm not at liberty
to say anything about what they are doing and I don't know a lot anyway--
but this operation on Hypatia seemed worth pursuing. It might just give us
a way to work around the Pantherans."
"How?" I asked. "This was hundreds of years ago. Tamara hasn't found
anything to put human beings on this planet."
"That she has old you about," Emily Dickinson said. "Apparently, Cuthbert
has found things and not told her. He's threatened their historian--I don't
know her name."
"Juliet Maxwell," Josh said a bit too quickly.
"Right, Juliet Maxwell," Emily Dickinson said. "She gave him reports but
she was not allowed to give them to Tamara. Cuthbert, in turn, was going to
sell this information to Denise Kahlil."
"And she was going to pay?" The Czarina asked.
"She was," Emily Dickinson said. "But not for the Solar League Examiner.
She is a go-between for another organization."
"Do we know who?" I asked.
"We think we do," Emily Dickinson said. "We think she worked for the
Pantherans as part of their information gathering network."
"So she was a spy," The Czarina said.
"Bingo," Emily Dickinson said. "I could not let her pass that information
on. I needed to get to her before she notified the Pantherans that we knew
she was working for them."
"So you just kill people," I said.
"Emily Dickinson tried to shrug but the movement caused Captain Kidd to
move the knife closer. "It happens," he said. "I don't think you understand-
-"
"I understand that governments outside the Pharaoh Star System are acting
inside the Pharaoh Star System," I said.
"Humanity needs to survive," Emily Dickinson said.
"I'm surviving quite well," I said. "I think we're done here, people."
"And what about him?" Captain Kidd asked.
"What about him?" I asked. "He got here on his own. He can leave on his
own."
"I think you should all go and I'll take care of him," Captain Kidd said.
"I don't like other people messing around in my territory."
That would be the voice of the League of Hypatian Pirates speaking.
I had a big decision to make. It would involve Emily Dickinson's life. If I
walked out that door, Emily Dickinson would most likely die. Did I want
that? No, of course not. But high stakes politics was not my forte and I
did not like it playing out this way on Hypatia. Yes, we ran it like a
frontier town and most anything went, but this did not feel right at all.
"Let's take him with us," I said.
"Let's," said The Czarina. "I'd like an exclusive interview. Billy, dear,
can you arrange that."
"Jolly well I can," Captain Kidd said happily. "Let's go>"
Captain Kidd, The Czarina and Emily Dickinson went outside to get in the
flier. I let them go. I wanted to look at the bodies.
When I finished looking through their pockets, I had a tidy pile of items.
"Looks like information to be passed," Josh said.
"Yes, it does," I said. "I'm taking this with me."
"Where do you think they parked?" Josh asked.
"That's my next order of business," I said. "Emily Dickinson got here. Each
one of them got here. There must be fliers around somewhere."
"Would our flier know?" Josh asked. "Is it capable of such scanning?"
"I'll ask," I said and brought up the flier's channel.
The flier matter-of-factly directed us to an underground parking area. It
was a vast cavern, perhaps natural, under the villa.

6 Scene 2. 
