# Josh and I Are in the Private Parking Area of the Villa #

* unformatted
* It will be important to work out Ronnie's angle and motivations.*
Why did Captain Kidd take Emily Dickinson to the League? Where do the
pirates fit in here?

It took us some time to walk there. The villa looked small on the outside
but it was extremely extensive on the inside. The room we had first entered
was a reception area. It could serve as a convenient living area. A kitchen
was nearby. But when we went farther, we discovered this area was just to
let people think it was a small villa. There were much more lavish areas
underground--rooms and rooms. I had been to Adam Worth's official
residence. It was large, gaudy and filled with expensive furnishings and
artwork. This villa seemed to be furnished with equally expensive items and
a larger collection of artwork. I wondered if anyone else knew of it. It
could fund Tamara's operation all by itself and it was here for the taking.
There was no claim on this villa. I checked while I walked. There would be
no harm in putting a claim in, I thought, so I did. I had the financial
resources to even put a claim of formal ownership. As I reached the cavern
where a number of fliers were parked, the registration office back in
Ptolemy City accepted my claim and deducted the funds from my account.
"A smart move," Josh said. "What about the bodies?"
"I'm sure there is a way to deal with it," I said. "You're going to check
with the house AI."
Josh got busy as I went to the different fliers.
There were several fliers of different design that I thought could safely
be classified as belonging to the villa. After these, there were three
more. One was clearly marked as a rental. I went through it, found pieces
of luggage that were definitely belonging to Denise Kahlil and removed
them. I would check them out later. After checking the cargo hold, I
instructed the flier's simple AI to fly back to its rental slot at the
Faros Lighthouse Spaceport. The rental agency would be glad to have it
back. They would ask no questions. I went through Denise Kahlil's things.
There was clothing and other personal items. I set them aside. There was
her cred-pack. I put those in my bag. Among her identification information
were tickets for a shuttle and passage back to the Solar League via Three
Ravens. I could cash them in on Alexandria Space Station. They were not
part of her personal profile but were stand-alone items which could not be
traced to her. Perhaps the Solar League Examiner had paid for them. Perhaps
the Pantherans had paid for them. In either case, they did not want any
record of the transaction on file. As a result, I could cash them in and
would. This job was turning out to be very different from what Colonel
Gyllian Romeres Lujo had represented it to be. I would need to pay my
people regardless of how things ended between Gyllian and me. These tickets
would do just that.
I also went into the base flier. Like the base itself, this flier was very
basic. That was good for my purposes. I went through all the information
Josh and I discovered on the bodies of the two dead people. They were not
encrypted which surprised me. Maybe that just meant one had unencrypted his
or her files before handing it over to the other one who had not yet put
his or her encryption on it. I could not be sure. It did make things easier
for me.
Here was a list of all the finds. The people who lived in those tunnels
were definitely human. There was a lot of information here. I copied all
the files to my link, encrypted them and set them aside for future reading.
I then started on Kahlil's files.
Yes, here was information about her contact. She was to pass it on to
Cuthbert. That was why it was unencrypted. Further into the drive here were
encrypted files. Josh I would have to look at these. There was her
calendar. Ah, she had a meeting ith her contact after she left here. The
meeting was at Three Ravens. Did the Pantherans stop at Three Ravens? Star
had not indicated they did when we were there. Maybe non-military
Pantherans were now frequenting Three Ravens. Something to check out for
completeness. The other information looked to be work-related for the Solar
League Examiner.
Josh came aboard the base flier.
"Everything is reset," Josh told me. "Apparently, a lot of the security
features were disabled prior to anyone coming here. I installed the same
system here as at your villa. You should be able to come and go as you
please now."
"Good work." I said.
Josh said, "I'll send you the bill. Quick thinking to put in a claim."
"Thanks," I said. "I need a way to pay you."
"Should be possible now," Josh said. "What have you found."
"The info on the dig," I said, "and contact info for Denise Kahlils
handler. I think Cuthbert was supposed to meet this contact down the road.
Denise Kahlil had a meeting set up for when she reached three Ravens."
"But she won't make it," Josh said.
"No, she won't," I said. "I'm going to cash in her ticket."
"It was anonymous then?" Josh asked.
"It sure was," I said, "as was her shuttle ticket and her flier rental.
That reminds me, now that we're both inside, I should be sending that one
on its way."
"Captain Kidd left a while ago," Josh said. "He said he would be in touch
with us after he turned Emily Dickinson over to the League of Hypatian
Pirates for questioning. The Czarina is happily asking him all sorts of
questions. He's cooperating with her."
"There's no telling what the League will do," I said.
"You think it will go badly for him?" Josh asked. He became quite pensive.
"I think if he talks it will be fine," I said. "He has an opportunity to
bring the League up to speed. That could be mutually beneficial. It could
even be the reason we were called in. We can also get this material," I
tapped one of the drives, "back to Tamara along with her flier."
"And what are we going to do?" Josh asked.
"A lot of thinking when we get back," I said.
"I almost forgot," I added, "I need to send the house bots to deal with the
bodies."
"Already done," Josh said. "There was a routine in the AI for that. They'll
clean up everything, deal with the bodies and security systems have deleted
all record of the encounter. I did save you a copy."
"I don't particularly want to watch that," I said.
"You might find the conversation interesting," Josh said, "disturbing, but
interesting."
"What did they say?" I asked.
"I didn't listen to it all," Josh said, "but more was said than I think is
on the drives you have."
"Then when we get together with the others, we'll review it," I said.
"Then are we ready to go to the base?" Josh asked.
"We are," I said, and instructed the base flier accordingly.

3 Chapter Ten: 
