# Josh and I talk with Tamara #

* unformatted
* rushed. Need to use Clouder more often than Pantheran

1 Scene 1. Josh and I Break the News of Cuthbert's Death to Tamara

The flight through the ring of volcanoes was tense. The base flier strained
to get through the pass. Thankfully, it had enough power to make it to the
base. If it had not enough power, Josh and I would have been stranded and
would have died. Neither of us had considered the possibilities. We needed
to check on power and radio contact abilities. We were learning the hard
way how to survive on this hostile planet of ours. We were creatures of the
dome around Ptolemy City. Although I had been in space for a much longer
time than Josh had, I had been in the care of an experienced star runner. I
found spaceships confining and space travel filled with unrelenting
boredom, but I did not experience the fear of not getting to our
destination. Star's confidence and competence permeated Star's ship and I
never doubted Star's ability to get us to where we were going safely. I now
had an inkling of what that took and Star made it look easy.
Tamara was, of course, surprised to see us, grateful that we had come to
tell her what had transpired, angry with Cuthbert and distressed about
Juliet. I handed her the drive. Tamara called Juliet into her office.
"Cuthbert is dead!" Juliet cried. "How terrible. Someone just shot him?"
"He was selling us out to a Pantheran agent," Tamara said. "I feel no
remorse at all about him being killed. Now tell me why you didn't tell me
what was happening?"
"I couldn't tell you," Juliet said, beginning to weep. "Cuthbert threatened
me. He said-- he said--"
We waited for her to get herself under control in order to tell us.
"Cuthbert said you would suppress the information," Juliet finally said.
"He said you were going to hand it over to the Consortium and they would
suppress the information, that they want to keep this whole operation a
secret. He said by working with him, the information would be made public
and everyone would learn about it. He said we could throw off the Pantheran
yoke if we could keep the information from you and the Consortium. He said
we could get funding ourselves for this research when our grant ran out and
you would leave. I believed him. I still believe him."
Tamara looked at me.
"From an initial read of files I picked up at the place where Cuthbert was
killed," I said, "it looks like Cuthbert's contact was working for the
Pantherans. At this point, I think Cuthbert was selling this dig out to the
Pantherans. You may be right--Cuthbert did not know the reporter worked for
the Pantherans."
"She's dead, too, isn't she?" Juliet asked.
"She is," I said.
"So what is going to happen?" Juliet asked.
"To begin with, you are going to show me what you found," Tamara said.
"OK," Juliet said. "I guess I'll have to do that now."
"Yes, you will," Tamara said. "You still work for me and you still have a
contract with the University of the Gifted Mind. Let's go and see what you
found."

2 Scene 2. 
