# Back in Tamara's Office #

Tamara dismissed Juliet admonishing her to write up her reports and
schedule sessions with the psychobot.
"I can't counsel her about the abuse she suffered under Cuthbert," Tamara
said. "I didn't like the way I saw him treating her, but it looked more
personal than professional. Goes to show what I know."
Tamara looked so tired and even more dispirited than Juliet.
"You think you know people," Tamara said. "Cuthbert could be rude, crude
and lude, but he was always an excellent person to have in charge of the
actual dig. Now I come to find he was working behind my back and abusing
one of my staff. I wonder if I should get into a different business."
"It's not your fault,' I said, knowing that in a way it was her fault.
Tamara knew it. Tamara knew I knew it but she kept silent while I spoke.
"The question for me is this: What are you going to do with the Consortium
of Planets?"
"I was born on Earth," Tamara said, "but my parents left there for the
Northern Frontier when I was a little girl. We went to the Long John Silver
System. It's a long way out from the core planets of the Consortium. My
parents died there. I became a ward of the space station manager, a woman
by the name of Prudence Wu. One day a star runner docked at our station and
ate at the diner where I worked. We talked. Star was so naive about
everything human. It was like educating a little kid but Star was all grown
up. I found I could pour out my troubles to Star and Star would listen.
Star never forgot, never did not listen. My dream was to go to University.
There was money to send me but no way to get me there. Star took me.
Prudence Wu made Star my legal guardian which was weird, but Star made all
the necessary arrangements for me to enroll at the University of the Gifted
Mind and stay there. I don't know how much Star paid the University. My
financial aid was never enough."
I wondered where Tamara was going with this. I could tell Josh was
wondering, too.
"I know the Pantherans treated Star very badly," Tamara went on. "I know
Star would be dead if Gyllie had not helped Star and intervened on Star's
behalf with the Pantherans. I know the Intelligence Branch of the
Pantherans went after you on the Featherote planet and kicked us out of the
Prince Hat System. But I just can't imagine the Pantherans are out to
annihilate us. It seems to me they might want to re-establish their empire,
but they need people like us to lord it over. I like living on the Northern
Frontier and I like being free of all their restrictions. But what I learn
from archeology is that there are always forces stronger than you out there
in the universe, in the western spiral arm if you want to make it specific
to our situation. That makes me think we may need the Pantherans to defend
us. They have been the ones with military capabilities in this part of the
galaxy for thousands of years. That could prove to be important."
Tamara went silent.
"Archeology should be simple," Tamara said. "But it can be so political. We
found that out at Prince Hat. We're finding it out here."
"What will you do?" I asked.
"Ask Gyllie some hard questions," Tamara said. "I've always known she
worked for the Ministry of Defense. I've never really known what she does.
But this seems out of character for her to me. I need some answers. I need
to think."
"We'll need to take the flier," I said. "I can send it back to you when it
powers up after going through the ring of volcanoes. I did think I needed
to get here as soon as possible."
"I appreciate that," Tamara said. "Please don't leave us stranded here."
"I won't," I promised.
Josh and I returned to the villa beyond the ring of volcanoes. The base
flier charged up quickly and we sent it on its way. We looked at the other
fliers parked there. One looked quite sporty and we really wanted to take
it, but instead we chose a modest flier, radioed Faros Lighthouse Spaceport
and found a spot near my flier to park it.
Now we had to sit down with our other team members, share notes and make a
plan.Colonel Gyllian Romeres Lujo had a lot of explaining to do.

4 Chapter Eleven
