# What Is Going On? #


5 Scene 1. We Try to Figure Out What is Going On

We gathered at 17 Dollar Bay Drive in the beautiful house by Torch Lake.
Josh was there,The Czarina and Captain Kidd.
"What happened to Emily Dickinson," I asked when we were gathered in the
spacious room overlooking the lake. Today several powered sailboats were
traveling up and down the narrow lake. The sails were for show. Although
air circulates throughout Ptolemy City, there is no wind to speak of. The
sails are braced so that they appear to be full and functional. One of the
house bots served drinks and there were what Mrs. Parge calls nibbles set
out on a low table.
"Wat did you do with Emily Dickinson?" I asked.
"We turned him over to the League of Hypatian Pirates," The Czarina said.
"That is what you said to do."
"And," I said. Surely there was more.
"They will interrogate him," The Czarina said.
"I think I need more specificity," I said and turned to Captain Kidd.
He nibbled a chip before speaking.
"Emily Dickinson is willing to talk," Captain Kidd said. "The thing is, he
is too willing to talk. That makes a pirate like me very suspicious."
"You had a knife to his throat," Josh said. "What else would he do?""
"Emily Dickinson is an intelligence officer," Captain Kidd said, reaching
for a Lacey cookie. "He's former Solar League military. I think his
conditioning would still be in play."
"Conditioning?" Josh asked. "What do you mean?"
"People in his line of work are psychologically conditioned," Captain Kidd
said between bytes. "My holding a knife to his throat should not have
concerned him. It did."
"That's just sensible," Josh said. "I'd tell you anything you wanted to
know if you held a knife to my throat."
"Good to know," Captain Kidd said, wiping his mouth with a cloth napkin
daintily.
"I thought that was the point of holding the knife," Josh said. He was
sitting on the edge of his chair. He was obviously anxious and becoming
strident in his tone.
"I think we're playing a deeper game here," Captain Kidd said. "Emily
Dickinson was talkative on our flight back. No intelligence officer would
do that."
"And what do you think about that?" I asked. I was quickly losing control
of this meeting and feeling way out of my depth to boot.
"I think the Consortium of Planets has an end game we don't understand,"
Captain Kidd said. "I have no idea what it is except that it involves the
big cats. I think Emily Dickinson will only tell us what he or his handlers
want us to know. I don't think he'll give up any more."
"So how can we figure out what is going on?" I asked. "Detective methods
don't seem to apply here."
We sat is silence for a while, munching and sipping. The house bots
refreshed our drinks and brought out more snacks.
"I've been racking my brain to recall any hints about new trouble with the
Pantherans," The Czarina said. "There seems to be an up tick in their
propaganda streams. I don't particularly pay attention to them, but the
number of items has seemed to increased. I sample them from time to time.
The gist of them seems to be that the Pantheran presence makes the other
races safer."
"If that's true--I don't mean that their presence makes us safer," I said,
"what are they protecting us against?"
"That's the thing," The Czarina said, "the explanations are vague. There is
an implied threat---forces against our way of life--that sort of thing.
There are always pictures of happy people doing happy things."
"A carefree life, a pleasant life, a happy life," I said.
"Exactly," The Czarina replied. "There are no pictures of work: factories,
fields, people in labs or anything like that."
"So if we don't support the Pantherans, we will lose the good life," Josh
said.
"That's what I think the message is," The czarina said.
"Same old, same old stuff," Captain Kidd pronounced.
"Not exactly," The Czarina said. "Their presence doesn't make our lives
better. Their presence doesn't make our lives more productive. Their
presence makes our lives more carefree. We can enjoy our pleasures because
their presence makes us safe."
"Bread and circuses," Captain Kidd said.
"What?" Josh asked.
"On ancient Earth the Romans, the powerful people of the day, gave their
subjects food and entertainment in return for their support."
Josh frowned. I considered.
"So they want to divert our attention from something," I said.
"Agreed," The Czarina said.
"But what?" Josh asked.
"From taking charge of our own lives," Captain Kidd said. He stretched.
"You kids grew up with all the legends of the Hypatian pirates, with
stories of treasure and pirates roaming space, praying on the weak and the
defenseless. Pirates have treasure and they do pray on the weak and the
defenseless. But pirates are more than common criminals--at least some of
us are. There are thugs, of course." Captain Kidd glanced in The Czarina's
direction. Her former husband, Deadly Dudley, was one of those thugs.
"Posthumous Patty Parine and Dagger Dan Duncan illustrate the worst of the
pirate fraternity. Pirates--the real pirates--are folks who like their
freedom and like operating with few restrictions. Your Captain Star Runner
is a natural pirate, Ronnie. I always supported that cat's inclusion in the
League."
"Star is not mine," I said and felt an unexpected pang.
"My error," Captain Kidd said. "My point is, being a pirate is a frame of
mind. It's why we came to the Pharaoh Star System in the first place. It's
why we let the independent business people come here and develop Ptolemy
City and let the medical people set up Aesculapius. We want to encourage
independent thinkers and people who want to get away from the herd
mentality."
"If I accept that premise," I said, "the pirates would have common cause
then with the Consortium of Planets which operates on the frontier, outside
of direct Pantheran control."
"Bingo," Captain Kidd said. "An agent of the Consortium now has direct
access to the top people of the League of Hypatian Pirates."
"So you think we were set up to make that connection," I said. "How do
Cuthbert and Denise Kahlil fit into the picture."
"If they are agents of the Pantherans," The Czarina said, "they would have
to be eliminated. Colonel Romeres Lujo brings us in and we make the
transfer of Emily Dickinson to the League officials. We do it quietly and
no one is the wiser. It looks like League justice and everyone goes on
their way. If anyone heard or saw anything, they'll forget about it." And
turning to me, "Nice move claiming that villa. I'm sure Josh has it locked
down for you."
"Buttoned up tight," Josh said. "Looked like a professional neutralized the
AI."
"That would be Consortium expertise at your service," Captain Kidd said.
"I hope I can reconstruct what they did," Josh said.
"Good luck with that," Captain Kidd said. "You won't find anything to hang
on to."
"As interesting as all this is," I said, "I'm trying to figure out where we
fit and if we still have work to do." My head was aching. Conspiracies have
never interested me and this seemed like conspiracies within conspiracies.
Captain Kidd shook his head. "The question is," he said, "should we
continue to be involved. We're pawns in a bigger game the way things stand
at the moment. The Consortium may not have our best interests at heart."
"So you're saying," I said, "we need to find out the bigger picture before
we do anything else."
"I'd say so," The Czarina said. "Ronnie, darling, I have to be very careful
about my reputation. I can't work if people think I'm just a shill for the
Consortium."
I rubbed my temples. "Czarina, I would do nothing to hurt your reputation,"
I said. "I had no idea this job was so complex. I just thought we were
going to listen and I help out Tamara here I could."
"It's not your fault, darling," The Czarina said. "I just wanted you to
understand my concern."
I turned to Josh. "I've heard Captain Kidd's and The Czarina's concerns.
What about you?"
Josh shifted uneasily in his chair. He did not look at me. These were clear
signs he was trying to avoid my question.
"Spill," I said.
"I don't like the violence," Josh said. "I can't see how staying in this
one makes any sense. Can you break the contract?"
I was about to say I would have the legal service I used review the contact
when a priority message came over my link. It was text this time.I read it
out to the group:

We need to talk face to face. I'll be on Alexandria Space Station this
evening. Text when you arrive.

"It's from Gyllian," I said.
"Or not," Captain Kidd said.
"I'll check it out," Josh said, bringing a screen into view with a hand
gesture. "The voice message checked out."
"I was wondering about that," Captain Kidd said.
"It's genuine," Josh said.
"I'll go with you," Captain Kidd said. "Someone needs your back."
"Billy, do you think that is wise?" The Czarina asked.
"I can't let our Ronnie go up there alone," Captain Kidd said. "It would be
like sending a lamb into the wolf pack. I can't do that. I've known this
chica since she was knee high to nothing."
It was true. I never thought of Captain Kidd and I being close, but we had
known each other for most of my life. He was always fond of me. Now he was
going to accompany me to the Alexandria Space Station as my body guard.
Well, I certainly would not argue with having him along. All this high
stakes maneuvering was beyond my level of competency to navigate well.
Scene 2. 
