# We Come Face to Face with Colonel Gyllian Romeres Lujo At Last #

I booked Captain Kidd and myself on the early evening shuttle from Faros
Lighthouse Spaceport to the Alexandria Space Station. There was no need to
incur the expense of using our own flier. It meant we would not have our
own transportation available to leave the space station but Captain Kidd
assured me that off we needed to make a fast getaway he could arrange
something.
"We might end up at Over the Moon," he told me, "but if you want to get
away from someone that would be a handy place to go."
I shivered. The last time I was at Over the Moon, the pirate spaceport, I
had almost died.
Captain Kidd patted my shoulder.
"You'll be safe with me, Ronnie," he said. "Don't worry."
I started to worry big time then. If Captain Kidd thought we needed an exit
strategy hat included Over the Moon, I wondered what I had gotten us into.
I never thought of Gyllian as devious. I knew she had manipulated Star in
the past for her own ends, but Star had not understood human ways of doing
things at the time. Star did not hold a grudge about it. I wondered if that
was a stance I should adopt or if I should demand explanations. I did not
think Gyllian could manipulate Captain Kidd. I hated to admit it. I think
of myself as having a lot of street smarts, but clearly I was not handling
this situation well.

I'm here.

I sent the message from the departure area.

I see you. Who are you with?


Captain Kidd--one of my team.

Then I added:

He goes where I go.


Very well. Meet me in the coffee shop.

The texts were rapid fire. I did not see Gyllian but that meant nothing.
She might have had high powered lenses turned on the the arrival area.
We walked briskly to the coffee shop. I did not expect to be shot. Captain
Kidd looked around carefully. Later he would tell me he was more concerned
about kidnapping than shooting. I was glad I did not know that at the time.
The coffee shop was busy. Arrivals and departures prompted people to get
something to eat or drink or just sit and work their link in a comfortable
chair.
I looked around. I saw a woman sitting by herself. I walked over. It did
not look like Gyllian but there was no one else.
"May we sit here?" I asked.
The woman nodded. Captain Kidd and I ordered. The woman looked us over. She
continued to say nothing. I felt very uncomfortable and resisted the urge
to chatter. If I finished my tea and Gyllian did not arrive, I would catch
the next shuttle back to the Faros Lighthouse Spaceport and break the
contract.
Gyllian walked into the coffee shop and made her way in a round about
manner to our table. The silent woman got up and left. Gyllian ordered
coffee.

4 Chapter Eleven What Is Going ON? Continued


1 Scene 2 Continued. We Come Face to Face with Colonel Gyllian Romeres Lujo

"What is going on, Gyllian," I asked. I wanted answers and I wanted them
now.
"Hello, Ronnie," Gyllian said easily. "Who is your companion?"
I wanted to snap: You know perfectly well who Captain Kidd is. I'm sure
you're following us, listening into us. You know every thought we have and
every move we make. I restrained myself. Maybe civility would get me
further than rudeness.
"This is one of the members of my team. He is Captain William Kidd." And
turn to Captain Kidd I said, "This is Colonel Gyllian Romeres Lujo."
Captain Kidd inclined his head. "I know who she is," he said to me.
"Captain Kidd," Gyllian said with all assuredness. "I'm pleased to make
your acquaintance."
"I doubt it," Captain Kidd said. He sounded like he was grinding the words
out.
"Tell me how Emily Dickinson is," Gyllian continued, not responding to
Captain Kidd's comments. "You took him to the League of Hypatian Pirates,
correct?"
"We did," Captain Kidd said. "I presume that is what you wanted--a cover
story to have him talk with the League. We have him in protective custody
as I am sure you also wanted."
Gyllian was going to say something smart, but then she changed her mind.
"Thank you," she said. "That is both helpful and perceptive on your part."
"You need to bring us into the picture," I said. "My team is uncertain if
they want to continue with the contract. We need a reason to stay the
course."
Gyllian frowned. This was not playacting. It had never occurred to her that
my team might bail on her. Well, what did she expect? Colonel Gyllian
Romeres Lujo was used to commanding. It was "Yes, Ma'am" and "No, Ma'am"
but there was never "I'm out of here. See you around."
Captain Kidd and I waited. Come to think of it, there is a lot of waiting
in my line of work.
"You deserve an explanation," Gyllian finally said.
I knew Captain Kidd and I both knew a full explanation would not be
forthcoming. Part of an explanation might be shared with us.
"There is trouble in the Coalition," Gyllian said, lowering her voice.
"You'll have to speak up," Captain Kidd said. "I'm an old man and even with
the advances of medical science and technology, I can't hear you. Spring
for the muffler and speak up."
Gyllian frowned. I showed her the icon on the menu.
"The voice dampening field around the table is called a muffler," I said.
"I'm told they are effective except for the most sophisticated technology.
This is the Pharaoh Star System. Much business is conducted in this coffee
shop. Everyone wants their conversations confidential. You pay for the
field and they are."
Gyllian tapped the icon. We could hear the whisper of the field solidifying
around us. The icon went from red to yellow to green.
"OK," Captain Kidd said. "What did you say?"
"There is trouble in the Coalition," Gyllian said.
"Nothing new there," Captain Kidd observed. His manner was impatient. My
sense was that he wanted to make Gyllian uncomfortable and to push her into
saying something she would rather hold back from us. The dynamic between
them was interesting. Gyllian had put on a professional, no nonsense face.
Captain Kidd was a hard-edge pirate. This was who they both were but I knew
a different side to each of them.
"Quite true," Gyllian finally said. "There has always been friction between
us and the Pantherans. As Ronnie and I know from personal experience, the
ungendered Pantherans believe they are superior to all the other races. The
only ones which are superior to them are the gendered Pantherans. I suspect
this is drilled into the ungendered Pantherans throughout their upbringing
and education. I almost think it is engineered into their DNA. Why else
would they willingly show up to termination centers?"
Gyllian looked at me. "I know Captain Star Runner did not do that, but he
is a bit of an exception there. Nevertheless, even Captain Star Runner
believes he is superior to us. He calls us friends and takes us seriously,
even depends on our expertise, but in general Star Runner thinks he is
superior."
"That one is a mighty clever pirate," Captain Kidd allowed.
"And uses his superior neural capability and ability to blaze his own trail
through hyperspace at increased speeds to his advantage," Gyllian agreed.
"We have an expression about people who have their noses in the air because
they believe themselves better than everyone else. For Pantherans, it's
their tails which are in the air proclaiming their superiority."
Gyllian paused to take a swig of her drink.
"This has been the case since we encountered Pantherans. And for the most
part, we encounter ungendered Pantherans. They protect the gendered ones at
all cost and keep them hidden from sight."
"Why?" I asked. I always wondered why this was.
"I think it is because there aren't too many of them," Gyllian said. "I
also think it is to make them mysterious and wonderful to the ungendered
population."
"So what's changed?" Captain Kidd asked a bit impatiently.
"I need to remind myself that you are from the Pharaoh Star System. People
from the Solar League come here all the time to conduct their business and
relax. What do you call them?"
"The Rich and Famous," I said.
"Right. The Rich and Famous. People who are either rich or famous or both
are very focused on themselves. They are typically not concerned for the
common people. They may set up foundations and support good works, but they
don't usually get down and dirty. They come here and do their business and
go home to their fortunes and their comfortable life styles. They are
basically innocuous as far as the Pantherans are concerned. So long as they
stay that way, the Pantherans have no problem letting them through the
border to come here and letting them return.
"The Pantherans watch. They know who leaves and who comes back. They make
sure only the people who won't make waves politically or militarily or even
socially do not come here. They are watchful for revolutionaries and
terrorists."
Captain Kidd grunted. So What?
I had never thought of who came here to the Pharaoh Star System. Things
were the way they were. I never questioned who came and who might be turned
away.
"They let the antonium and other precious metals in. They let supplies out,
though they inspect them carefully," Gyllian continued. "They let the sick
out, too. They think our medical facilities and concern for those in need
is peculiar, but they leave us alone in our, according to them, misguided
approach to society."
"But," I said, sensing Captain Kidd's restlessness and anting Gyllian to
get to the point.
Gyllian ignored me.
"The ungendered like the status quo. They know what they are supposed to do
and they do it very well. They resist change. The only way to have change
is to educate the ungendered Pantherans differently and to terminate the
older ones. That's wasteful of resource. It costs a lot to raise and train
an ungendered Pantheran. You need a certain number of years to pay that
off."
Gyllian turned to me. "I know this personally," she said. "I needed to come
up with the money to pay off Star's debts. He has paid me back but it was
dicey finding the money."
I had not known this. Apparently, there were a lot of things I did not
know. This adventure was not written down as far as I knew. Sometimes Star
referred to a difficult time obliquely, but I did not know the details.
"If a major decision comes down from the top, it is very costly," Gyllian
explained. "But we have noticed a change. Older Pantherans are not being
declared surplus and terminated en mass, but there have been increases in
the numbers of military Pantherans. They are more aggressive. They are
assigned to border control. They are quicker to fire weapons and getting
past customs and processing in and out of the Coalition is becoming more
difficult. Have you noticed any decrease in the flow of people out here?"
"Not yet," Captain Kidd said.
"You might," Gyllian said. "We are noticing it on both the Northern and
Southern Frontiers."
Gyllian took another swig of her drink. I wondered what it was, something
cold. Did it have alcohol in it? Alcohol was served everywhere on
Alexandria Space Station. Many people needed alcohol or drugs or both to
have enough courage to step aboard a shuttle craft or a passenger liner for
even a short trip. Their first experience into space could land them here
and sooner or later they would have to leave. Alexandria Space Station did
not have a lot of permanent residents.
I thought of Tara Lee. She was among the small population that called this
station home. I wondered if I would see her on this visit. I wondered if I
wanted to.
"We also know they have requested more military craft from the Featherote
Charm," Gyllian went on. "This suggests a military build up of some sort.
As we have no intelligence on an external threat, we suspect a change in
the Pantheran attitude."
"A change?" Captain Kidd asked. "A military change?"
"Yes," Gyllian said. "We think, and this is highly speculative, that there
are forces within the Pantheran gendered population to be more imperial."
"To bring back the Pantheran Empire," I said. I might just as well put that
out.
Gyllian stared at me.
"What do you know about the Pantheran Empire?" she asked.
"It's a phrase I've heard Star use from time to time," I said. Was I
betraying a confidence? Was I helping humanity? I was not sure and it made
me very anxious. I want always to do the right thing.
Gyllian nodded, more to herself than me. "Star fancies himself a student of
history," she said. "His view is very simplistic and very much colored by a
very biased education. Nevertheless, that is generally correct. We believe
there is a faction that wants to do away with the Coalition and re-
establish the Empire."
"All very interesting speculation," Captain Kidd said, heaving a very
dramatic sigh which I suspected was more theatrical than real. "But what
does that ave to do with an archaeological dig and us?"
Gyllian finished her drink and ordered another. I was certain now hat she
was drinking alcohol and her drinks were doubles.
"I have told you what we have observed," Gyllian said. "I think this means
there will be a push to re-establish the Pantheran Empire and dispense with
the autonomy that the other races within the Coalition have. This is a
minority viewpoint. Generally the Solar League and the Consortium of
Planets believe there is some sort of external threat and we are well-
served by this increase in a Pantheran military presence. They believe
being concerned about this build up and voicing it is antithetical to good
relations with the Pantherans and will jeopardize human protection when and
if this external threat appears."
What was she saying? I had an idea but I could not parse it well. Captain
Kidd was much better at this.
"But there is no threat," Captain Kidd said. "No one in the League of
Hypatian Pirates has any knowledge of a threat. We know about the Azulees.
They are not a threat and won't be for a thousand years or more."
Gyllian blinked. She had knot known knowledge of the Azulees was that well-
known. They were an amphibious race wig a vision of galactic domination but
were in no way able to confront the Pantherans. If the League of Hypatian
Pirates knew about the Azulees, perhaps the Pantherans did as well.
"The Fungusian Network believes the Pantherans will some day fall," Gyllian
said. "But it won't be to the Azulees. I don't know why they haven't
crushed them yet, but they will."
"And they are waiting because?" Captain Kidd asked.
"They're focused on the Coalition," Gyllian said. "In my opinion, they are
obsessed with restoring their empire and eliminating the Coalition. They
just don't want to fight a war to do it. That would be very expensive. I
think they have realized how soft their gendered class is and it will take
time to cull that portion of the population and make themselves more able
to restore imperial rule. I don't know the inner workings of that part of
Pantheran society, but it is complicated in the same way the ungendered
population is complicated. They have many designs and much to balance."
"And where do we come in?" Captain Kidd asked, losing interest in the
mechanizations of Pantheran society and Coalition politics.
Gyllian took another gulp of her drink.
"I've been removed from my position," she said. "I've been stripped of my
rank. I've been put on permanent leave."
I was shocked. Gyllian was always a rising
star in the Consortium. How could they have kicked her out? What had she
done?
Captain Kidd was the first to speak. "Now that's a damn shame," he said.
"You're a smart one. They don't like all this talk of worrying about the
cats and them lording it over us?"
"No, they don't," Gyllian said. "They think my opinions will cause trouble
and they don't want any trouble. They want to negotiate and make things
better, get the border patrol to back down."
"Ain't gonna happen if they programmed those cats to be nasty," Captain
Kidd said.
I knew the ungendered were not programmed. Star would call it designed.
What might be happening is that their AIs were more aggressive and always
presented the more aggressive course of action. That was where programming
came into play.
"It is the AIs, isn't it?" I asked Gyllian.
"Yes, I think so," she said, drinking her drink again. Her hands were
shaking.
"You must be devastated," I said, realizing I had not responded to her
announcement.
"Yes, but also angry and determined to do something about it," Gyllian
said. "This is a suicidal policy."
"And where does the dig come in?" I asked.
"Tamara's last report," Gyllian said, "the one she sent when she discovered
the artifacts that were being held back--she says there are indications
this was some sort of experimental colony. As there are no records of this,
I'm wondering what the experiment was."
"It must have failed," Captain Kidd said. "There are no survivors."
"We don't know that," Gyllian said. "They left the tunnels and covered up
any word about themselves. Where did they go? Who did they become? I think
they found a way to fight the Pantherans or at least escape from them. I
want to know more about that. The Second Space Expansion was a bloody time.
How did they get out here and how did they survive? If we could know that,
there may be a way to resist the Pantherans when they come for us."
This was, of course, crazy talk. Like all conspiracies, it made a sort of
sense, but I cold not see how an old colony on Hypatia would have any
meaning for the future of humankind. Captain Kidd thought the same.
"You might as well shut that place down," he said. "You won't find anything
important there."
But Captain Kidd was wrong about that.

5 Author's Note

It looks like I have some time line issues. In #Sanctuary*, my 2010
Nanowrimo novel for Captain Star Runner, Star returns to the western spiral
arm four years after breaking up with Detective Ronnie Camberwell. Star
finds Colonel Gyllian Romeres Lujo involved with Lester, a Professor at the
University of the Gifted Mind. Emily Dickinson has gone to the Southern
Frontier and has not been heard of since. Captain Gyllian Romeres Lujo
encourages Star to contact Detective Ronnie Camberwell and Star does.
Ronnie invites Star to come to the Pharaoh Star System. Star reunites with
Ronnie at the Intergalactic Diner. Meanwhile, there are ongoing
insurrections within the Coalition and Star does not think the Pantherans
will use excessive force because they do not want to show their hand and
their much superior military force.
This is a different time line than I am working on here. Only a year and
some months have passed. The Pantherans seem to be ready to show excessive
force, their shock and awe campaign. Colonel Gyllian Romeres Lujo is
concerned that any revolutionary or terrorist act will bring the Pantherans
down on the other races. For the arc I have in mind, Star needs to come
back sooner and to Ronnie in a different state.
Some of this can be corrected by just moving this episode forward in time
for Ronnie and the others. Additional Ronnie episodes could be written for
the interim. All very confusing. However, these novellas are not set in
stone and the inconsistencies can be left alone for now. It looks like I
really have to start putting these stories in order and filling in the
missing pieces. Lots of work for non-nanowrimo time. loll.

6 Chapter 13
