# In a Muffled Nook #

I Come Face to Face with Tara Lee


7 Scene 1. We Are Still Talking with Colonel Gyllian Romeres Lujo in the
Coffee Shop

"What happens next," I asked. I wondered what the state of our contract was
and what moral responsibilities I had here. Did I owe Gyllian Romeres Lujo
anything? She was Captain Star Runner's friend and erstwhile lover. Star
might feel the need to be loyal to her in good times and in bad times, but
I did not think I needed to be loyal at all. Four years ago (A time line
correction placed here.) I had spent some time with her on one of Captain
Star Runner's adventures, but that was all. I knew her. That was all.
"I'd like you to keep working, listening," Colonel Gyllian Romeres Lujo
said. "I can pay you for a while longer. I keep thinking there's a link
here and we need to know what it is."
"Do you have any supporters on the Northern Frontier or in the Solar
League?" Captain Kidd asked.
Gosh, he was good. He had seemed a bungling old guy to me when I was
growing up. The more I worked with Captain Kidd the more I respected his
knowledge, expertise and just plain savvy. Maybe that bungling old pirate
was an act. There was certainly a perceptive mind underneath all hat
acting.
"There are a few with a similar perspective," Gyllian said. She pronounced
her words very carefully. The liquor was taking hold.
I decided we should end this interview. Some say people speak the truth
when they are drunk. Some say they let down their guard and the real
personality shows through. I suspect an alternative personality shows
through and people say things which could be outrageous because their
judgment is impaired.
"Are you staying on the station?" I asked.
"I'll be going down to check on Tamara," Gyllian said. "Maybe I'll see you
there."
"Perhaps," I agreed.
I stood up. Captain Kidd followed my example.
"It was good to see you again," I said. I did not extend my hand. "Keep me
posted."
"I will," Gyllian said. Now she was starting to slur her words.

8 Scene 2. On Alexandria Space Station

We left Colonel Gyllian Romeres Lujo at the coffee shop with a fresh drink.
We did not know who the woman was who sat at our table. Perhaps she was
paid to sit there. There were lots of people around the station who would
work for fifteen minutes holding a table. We did not ask Gyllian what she
intended to do after she visited Tamara and the Big Dig. I wondered how
everyone would be paid if this business dragged on. I had no idea how I
would extricate myself from this business and still learn what its final
outcome was.
"What do you think?" I asked Captain Kidd when we were outside the coffee
shop. He made a slashing motion across his throat. Cut off talking. He led
me toward one of the many nooks on the space station where private
conversations could be held. He reached into a pocket and took out a
privacy device. Like the one in the coffee shop, no one would be able to
listen in on our conversation.
"You should carry one of these," Captain Kidd admonished me. "As a private
investigator, I would have thought you would have used one of these lots of
times."
"I have always used them in places like the coffee shop," I said. "I've
never been in this situation before."
"Well now you are," Captain Kidd said, "and you are fortunate I came
prepared."
"I am," I agreed. Flattering Captain Kidd was always a wise move.
"I've been hearing rumors," Captain Kidd said. "Don't believe everything I
said back there. Skepticism is a good way to get a partisan talking.
They'll try to convince you of their position. You have to listen to a lot
of nonsense, but sometimes you learn some things by their interminable
chattering and digressions."
"And what have you learned?" I asked.
"I did not learn much," Captain Kidd said. "I had my suspicions confirmed."
"Suspicions?" I asked.
"That the Solar League are fools," Captain Kidd sneered. "They think
kowtowing to the big cats will protect them."
"How can they stand up to the Pantherans?" I asked. "The Pantherans can
close the jump gates like they did during the Second Space Expansion."
"They could make alliances outside the Coalition," Captain Kidd said. "The
League of Hypatian Pirates has contacts outside the Coalition. They could
talk directly to the Fungusian Network. Josh has been doing that for years.
I figure the Featherote Charm is pretty sick of being pushed around by the
big cats. The birds produce the spaceships and the mushrooms put in their
brains. It seems to be those two could hold the big cats in check."
I did not argue with Captain Kidd. I suspected the balance of power between
these three races was very old and they would be less than eager to align
themselves with human interests. But I listened to Captain Kidd.
"All that aside," he said, "I figure things are not as desperate for
Colonel Romeres Lujo as she would lead us to believe.
"Her drinking seems to be very straight forward," I said. "I have never
seen her like that."
"And how well do you know her?" Captain Kidd asked.
"Not very," I admitted.
"She could have a drinking problem and that's why they let her go. She
could be acting and letting you think she was distressed about losing her
job. It could all be a ruse to manipulate us. She could be out but out
officially and letting the Ministry of Defense have plausible deniability
if anything goes wrong. There are lots of reasons why what she told us is
not all the truth or a slant on the truth."
"But you think the gist of what she said is true," I asked, "that the
Pantherans want to exercise more direct control over the other races."
"That I think is spot on," Captain Kidd said. "I've been hearing rumors to
that effect and I didn't know how to confirm them. I'm willing to bet it's
true."
"And do you think the Pharaoh Star System will be impacted?" I asked.
"If that Tamara keeps poking around in that big dig of hers," Captain Kidd
said, "I think it is certain. I don't know what's down there, but I think
she better close it up immediately. I don't think there is anything there
to find, but I think the big cats won't take a chance. They could easily
bomb it. It's a quick extraction into the Pharaoh Star System, drop a bomb
and quick insert back into the Silence. It wouldn't have to be nuclear. It
would shake a few things. Some volcano's could go crazy. Maybe a few
earthquakes, but the Big Dig is far away from Ptolemy City. We might not
even feel anything."
"And what would happen next?" I asked.
Captain Kidd shrugged. "Everyone would be upset. They'd want to go after
them, of course, insist on our independence, etc., but nothing would
happen. There is no ship in the League of Hypatian Pirates that could go up
against one of their military vessels. We'd be out gunned and
outmaneuvered. I've never sailed with Captain Star Runner, but I've watched
him run his ship from afar. He can run faster and slide in and out of the
Silence more smoothly than any captain I've ever met. And that's in a
courier ship with little cargo space. The military vessels are so much
bigger."
"Star was trained to run those big military ships," I said. "I've heard
Star was excellent at it."
"But as independent as a pig on ice," Captain Kidd said and smiled. "That
is one tough cat. Too bad he isn't here. He could give those big cats run
for their money."
I was not sure it would be good if Star were here or if Star could or would
give the Pantheran military a run for their money.
I was thinking about Star when Tara Lee walked by.

1 Scene 2. 
