# Walking with Tara Lee #

Tara Lee was walking casually dressed in her security chief uniform. She
was looking around. She called it managing by walking around. She got a
feel for the station, what was going on, and what her people were up to.
She could sit at her desk and review all the monitors. She often did. But
Tara Lee also got out and made herself known. Her people never knew when
they would find her looking over their shoulders. If they were doing their
jobs, all well and good. But if they were not, there would be trouble. Tara
Lee was very unforgiving on the job. I wondered how unforgiving she was in
her personal life.
"Tara Lee," I called, jumping to my feet, forgetting Captain Kidd had the
privacy shield activated.
"Tara Lee," I called again, stepping free of the dampening field.
Tara Lee turned, saw me, hesitated.
"Tara Lee," I called a third time. At last I was striding toward Er.
Tara Lee turned back to her original course and kept walking, albeit as
casually as before. I fell into step with her.
"Tara Lee," I said again, and did not know what to say next.
She said, "You came aboard the station on the last shuttle."
"Yes," I said, "I had business here."
"So I noticed," Tara Lee said.
I was stunned. Was I being watched? Why? Was Tara Lee using her position to
spy on me?
"You met with that Colonel," Tara Lee said. "We've been watching her."
"Why?" I asked. I was both surprised and curious.
Tara Lee was silent. I suspected this was need to know and confidential and
all that. Finally Tara Lee said, "She has been acting erratically."
"Erratically?" I asked.
"Did you notice anything unusual?" Tara Lee asked.
Was I being questioned? Could I learn anything? Would it be damaging to
Gyllian if I answered? Did I care?
Well, I did not want to cause Gyllian any hassle. I did not bear her any
ill will. I was working for her after all.
I said, "She is drinking more than I remember her ever doing. I suspect
lots of people drink more than they should from time to time."
"We watch the people who stagger out of places," Tara Lee said. "We escort
them to their quarters or their ships. We don't want fights, people
sprawled in the corridors, people being robbed or roughed up. Any time we
approach her, she sobers up immediately, is polite and very responsible.
Any idea what her game is?"
"None," I said, wondering how I could change the subject.
"She's the person you are working for, right?" Tara Lee asked, continuing
to scan the area as we walked together. Walking two abreast is sometimes
hard on Alexandria Space Station. Walking with the Security Chief means
there is no difficulty at all.
"Yes," I said.
"Thought so," Tara Lee said.
"I wanted to see you," I said after a pause while Tara Lee talked with some
folks. They seemed lost. She sent them on their way. They were lost and
glad to have someone set them straight.
"You've made up your mind then?" Tara Lee said.
"Perhaps," I said, not sure myself what the answer was. "I wanted to spend
some time with you in my new villa."
"A new villa?" Tara lee stopped and stared at me.
"I put in a claim," I said, "and paid the fee. I haven't had a chance to
check it out. I thought you might be interested."
"A villa? One of those stand alone places outside of the city?"
"Yes," I said, "it's on the southern continent."
"You're kidding, right?" Tara Lee said. I had surprised her.
"Not at all," I said. "Can you come?"
Tara Lee's face lit up. "Can I, really?"
"Sure," I said. "I will meet you at Faros Lighthouse Spaceport. When can
you come?"
"I have time off coming," Tara Lee said. "Give me thirty-six hours to
arrange it."
"Done," I said.
"I have to get back to work," Tara Lee said.
"Me, too," I said and retraced my steps to where Captain Kidd was still
sitting.
"Our shuttle is in twenty-two minutes," he told me.
"Let's not be late then," I said.
We headed for the departure area.

9 Chapter Fourteen 
