# The Note Tamara Received #

* so why aren't Ronnie and Tara Lee going to the fancy villa? Is
  Ronnie holding that back or does she worry Tara Lee won't like being
  in Star's villa or even does Ronnie worry Star would be annoyed?
  

1 Author's Note

This chapter belongs before the previous one. If I have the numbers right,
this is Chapter Thirteen while Chapter Thirteen should be Chapter Fourteen.
In any event, this chapter comes before Tara Lee's arrival at Ronnie's new
villa. There may be a need to edit the chapter previous to this to say
Ronnie is going to the Big Dig.

2 Scene 1. Tamara Gives Me Some Insight

My flying lessons from the training flier continued. On the one hand, the
flier was able to give me both verbal instructions and display helpful
diagrams on the screen in front of my seat. On the other hand, it was curt
in its corrections of my errors and slowness to respond. I gathered
coddling its trainees, encouragement and a sense of humor were totally
absent when training potential star runners. The lack of any personal
connection unnerved me. All the AIs I had ever interacted with except
perhaps very basic ones in a caravan had some humor and warmth programmed
in. They could repeat the same instruction over and over again without
sounding irritated or condescending. This was not true of the flier's AI. I
was definitely at the bottom of my class and probably the slowest and the
stupidest trainee it had ever had. But then again, I was not genetically
designed and engineered to fly a craft. Nevertheless, I persisted. That
wild ride with Star piloting back in the day has always stuck with me. We
survived not because the AI knew what to do but because Star knew how to
get as much as possible out of the flier. Star used the AI but also brought
Star's own experience and skill to bear. I did not know if I would ever
need that kind of flying in my job, but you never know.
I set down the flier myself at the Big Dig. It was very rough. The AI
scolded me. I said, "Was this a better landing than before?"
"You did not land the flier before," the flier said. "I needed to override
your previous landing."
"Did you have to override this landing?" I asked.
"No," the flier said truthfully. You can always depend on an AI not to
hedge.
"Than its better," I said.
"Your logic is spurious," the AI pronounced. "You need to improve in order
to protect the flier's landing gear."
"Acknowledged," I said. "I will endeavor to improve."
"It is necessary for you to continue to be permitted to fly," the AI said.
I did not argue. The AI had a point. I did not want to damage the flier.
I suited up, climbed down and walked to Tamara's office. Always hazy, the
sky looked particularly cold and I judged the clouds gathering to be
Hypatian snow. It would be good to get to my new villa before the storm
reached us.
"I'm glad your here," Tamara said. "Not only will everyone be glad to get
the supplies, I have something to show you? Do you want a nice cup of tea?"
"I do," I said and finished taking off my environmental suit. How many
hours had I logged in this suit anyway?
"OK," Tamara said and went to fix it. No house bots here. Archaeologists
really roughed it.
Tamara set the teapot between us. The scent of Jazmin rose from it. Tamara
removed the tealeaves and poured us each a steaming cupful.
"I received this note," Tamara said. She handed it to me on a piece of
flimsy paper. I studied it. It was a series of numbers, nothing more.
Insert the code here.
"What is this?" I asked.
"That was my question," Tamara said, holding her mug in two hands. Her
office was cool and the mug was wonderful to hold.
"It came from an anonymous source but reached our communications net. I
figured it was a coded message but I did not know from whom or how it got
here. No one knew what to make of it."
"I can't tell you," I said. "Maybe Josh could figure it out."
"I have figured it out," Tamara said. "I just wanted to show you what we
received."
"What does it say and who is it from?" I asked.
Tamara smiled.
"Let me tell you how I figured it out," she said. "The numbers all run
together. There are no spaces. But something about the numbers looked
familiar. I couldn't figure it out until I remembered that decrypting
messages was a game Star and I played a long time ago. Pantherans use codes
all the time but it is the AIs who encode and decode them. The Pantherans
don't do any encrypting themselves. We were reading a story which depended
on the people decoding an ancient message. The book explained how ancient
human civilizations used codes. We looked up a number of encryption
methods. We agreed to send each other messages in code."
Tamara smiled to herself. "It was a long trip from the Long John Silver
Star System to the University of the Gifted Mind on Socrates. We picked a
particular book and used it to encrypt and decrypt all our messages. As I
looked at this message, I realized the first six numbers spelled my name in
that code. That's why they looked so familiar. I then looked at the last
few numbers. They were the ones that always spelled Star's name. It was the
first code we ever used and from time to time we would go back and use it
again just for fun."
"So the message is from Captain Star Runner?" I asked. This was good news.
Tamara smiled. "Yes, it is. Star is back and Star is fine--as least I
assume so. The message does not say."
"What does it say?" I asked.
"It's about the dig," Tamara said. "I don't know who put Star to work on
this but Star has been working on some hyperspace/normal space coordinates.
One set is located here in the Pharaoh Star System. The other set is
located far outside the Coalition. Star did not say exactly where."
"So they are the instructions for getting from here to there," I said.
"Yes," Tamara said. "Star called them ancient Pantheran designations."
"And Star sent them to you because--"
"Because Star thinks Pantherans went from here to there."
"Pantherans on Hypatia?" I asked.
"Pantherans at least in the Pharaoh Star System a long time ago," Tamara
said.
"Why?" I asked. "What does this mean?"
"We have been continuing our excavations and research here," Tamara said,
apparently ignoring my question. "We've been puzzled because the room with
the murals is so big and the rest of the installation is so small. It did
not make any sense. Nor did the murals themselves. They are very beautiful,
but they are very generic. It could be any earth like planet. Then we began
to wonder if that is the point."
"That is the point?" I repeated. "Forgive me, Tamara. I don't know what
you're getting at."
"Art is usually specific," Tamara said, refreshing our tea. "You don't make
a statue, for example, of a horse and a rider. You make a statue of a
specific horse and a specific rider. The horse does not have to be a real
horse, but it needs to embody a certain spirit. The rider is not just any
rider. It's a soldier, a king, leader of her people. The rider is wearing
specific clothes--a uniform, a crown, carrying food to hungry people. You
see what I mean?"
"Yes, I think so," I said though I was not certain at all I did.
"The statue commemorates an event or looks forward to an outcome," Tamara
continued. "It's an ideal perhaps."
She waited to see if I had a comment but I did not. I busied myself with my
tea to cover my ignorance.
"The mural is not specific," Tamara repeated. "So I began to ask myself why
would anyone go to the trouble of producing such a massive amount of art
and have it both beautiful and generic."
I pose questions all the time. I was beginning to see how this worked.
"I wondered if the murals were to make the people in the room comfortable.
They evoke a picture for me. I've been on a beach by an ocean or on a
mountain top. The pictures are not of any specific mountain top, but I can
picture myself on the mountain top I've visited. What if that was the point
of these murals. They are familiar."
She leaned forward. "What if people were brought here and allowed to look
at these murals in order to remind them of their home world. And not just
people from one world but many worlds. The murals could help them feel more
at home while they were underground on a toxic planet far from their
world."
"And the tunnels and small rooms were for a support staff," I said.
"Right," Tamara said. "The people in the big room were not permanent
residents."
"The coordinates," I said.
"Right," Tamara said. "Bring them here and then take them somewhere else."
"It makes sense," I said. "How can you prove it?"
"By going to where the coordinates lead," Tamara said.
"Are you going to do that?" I asked.
"That will depend on where the coordinates lead," Tamara said. "I don't
have an answer to that yet. I don't know who came here and why. I don't
know why we don't have any records of this. I think the people who came
here were human. I don't have definite proof they all were."
"Other races came here?" I asked.
"I don't have any evidence of that," Tamara said.
"But the coordinates are in Pantheran," I said.
"They are an ancient Pantheran designation," Tamara said. "They don't write
them this away anymore. I'm running a search to see when this style was
abandoned, why it was abandoned and if it was ever used later."
"And what is Star doing with this information?" I asked.
"I don't know that either," Tamara said. "Here's what the note says:

Tamara, The Race's ancient code for coordinates in Pharaoh Star System
found paired with coordinates at extreme edge of western spiral arm.
Investigating. Star

"So this might have nothing to do with your dig," I said, feeling quite
deflated.
"That's also true," Tamara said, "but it at least makes some sense. Nothing
about this facility suggests long-term occupation. If it functioned as a
staging area that might work."
"So you're still guessing," I said.
"You could say it that way," Tamara said. "I prefer to think These two
lines of investigation might merge."
I opened my moth to make a smart remark, then closed it. I could tell
Tamara wanted this to be true. She wanted it to be true that she and Star
were working together to solve two related mysteries. I wondered if it was
clouding her judgment. Then again, what did it matter to me?
"Does Gyllian know about this?" I asked. I sill did not have a handle on
what that woman was doing and why and where all this left me.
"She is the one doing the searches I told you about," Tamara said. "I'm
waiting for her to get back to me."
"She's still on the Alexandria Space Station?" I asked.
"As far as I know," Tamara said.
The bots had finished unloading the flier. I had finished my tea and the
pot was empty. Time to go. Tara Lee was coming.
"Keep me informed," I said.
"I w ill," Tamara said.
"Say hi to Star for me if you get a chance," I said. Tamara had not said if
she had responded to Star's note.
"I will if Star gives me a way to contact," Tamara said. "This message
arrived with a quantum light key and no return address. Very secure but
very frustrating."
"So you don't know if it is really from Star," I said.
"I think that is why Star use the cipher," Tamara said. "The quantum light
key was sufficient to encrypt the message. The cipher was to authenticate
it came from Star."
"OH, I see," I said.
This was a special thing. It was between Star and Tamara. Why did I feel a
prick of jealousy. Star was Tamara's friend, not mine. Star had been my
lover. Now Tara Lee was.
Yet somehow that did not quite satisfy me.

10 Chapter Thirteen 
