# At the Pharos Lighthouse Spaceport Cafe #

We Spend Time At My New Villa

1 Scene 1. bbThe Faros Lighthouse Spaceport Cafe

Captain Kidd and I returned to Ptolemy City via the Faros Lighthouse
Spaceport. We each went our separate ways. I stayed at the spaceport until
readying two fliers. I instructed Star's raining flier to at the Alexandria
Space Station to pick up Tara Lee at the appropriate time. I knew Tara Lee
would not like this reminder of Captain Star Runner, but the training flier
was space worthy and reliable. It would arrive in a timely fashion,
negotiate docking, wait for Tara Lee and bring her safely to the villa. I
recorded a message to this affect, leaving out the part about Captain Star
Runner, of course. If the flier volunteered this information, so be it. If
Tara Lee guessed, so be it. I did not want to be deceitful or devious.
The personal flier that Josh and I brought from the villa--it definitely
needed a name--received the supplies I ordered as soon as I climbed aboard
the shuttle craft. Josh confirmed the house AI reported an ample stock of
food stuffs and other household items. I had perishable goods brought in.
The hydroponic tanks were empty. I would have to work out how to revitalize
them. In the meantime, we could run over to Star's villa. Those tanks were
now operational. I made sure items Tara Lee liked were available and laid
in some special items for our enjoyment. Finally, I launched several coded
searches on the political situation inside and outside the Coalition. I
also did a deep background check on Gyllian. It felt invasive but I needed
to know. Finally, after consulting with the team via chat, I sent a query
to the Fungusian Network on the same two subjects. They might or might not
respond. In the years I have been dealing with them, their helpfulness
varies. They do not always choose to respond with anything I could not find
elsewhere.
This done, I sat down to eat something and wait to depart.
This gave me time to insider what had happened aboard Alexandria Space
Station.
I updated my notes and jotted down my reflections.

2 From the Notes of Private Investigator Ronnie Camberwell

As far as we could tell, no word of the Big Dig had slipped out. This did
not mean it had not. It only meant we did not know about it. Denise
Kahlil's presence on Hypatia was troubling and her connection to the
Pantheran General Secretary's office (Note to self: flesh this out a bit
more. I said she was passing information to the Pantherans but I need to be
more specific. The General Secretary is the executive of the Coalition. The
General Secretary works with the Assembly of the Races which passes
legislation for the General Secretary to put into practice, or not, as the
General Secretary see fit. The General Secretary is always an ungendered
Pantheran whose appointment is confirmed by the Assembly of the Races. No
assembly has ever refused to confirm a Pantheran appointee. In addition, it
is important to mention that the Pantherans do not send any representatives
to the Assembly of the Races. They are not equal partners. Their role is
clearly that of caretaker and benevolent overlord. In practice, the
Coalition is more feudal than democratic while pretending to be the
latter.)
As usual, I wanted to go beyond my contract to the bigger picture of what
was going on and to try to affect the outcome to make the situation better.
This seemed highly unlikely. The Coalition included thousands of worlds. I
could not remember the number. I learned it in school. A quick consult with
my link would give me the exact number. It did not matter. What mattered
was the sheer size and intricacy of this particular problem.
Back to Denise Kahlil. Questions:
Why was she working for the Secretary General's office?
What new information did she have?
What information had she passed on already?
How was her death being treated here on Hypatia , inside the Solar League
and at the Solar League Examiner?
Would another reporter be dispatched and would this one be clean?
I sent out more queries and contacted my team members.
Was Cuthbert more involved or was he only a supplier of information?
What had he passed to Kahlil previously?
Did Cuthbert know anything else about the base that Juliet Maxwell did not
know?
If we had a better picture, our listening might be improved. This sifting
for data was more complicated than I originally envisioned.

3 Scene 2. 
