# Josh Comgjes to the Faros Lighthouse Spaceport CafebbcadAd #

"Hey Kiddo," Josh said, sliding into the booth across from me.
Startled, I looked up from my notes.
"What's up?" I asked. "Why are you here?"
"I found some stuff," Josh said, using one of the privacy shields. I had
forgotten to order one of those. I ordered several to be delivered here as
soon as possible.
Josh ordered food and drink, applying it to my tab. Business was business.
"OK," he said. "I finally got those flash drives unencrypted. It was hard,
but I have enough skill to do it without resorting to contacting the
Fungusian Network. It is a matter of pride, you know."
I did know. josh was pretty easy going but he wanted everyone to know what
a good hacker, in the good sense of the word, he was.
"And," I said after a moment of awesome wonder at his abilities.
"Cuthbert's drive was not too interesting," Josh said, "except for one or
two facts he held back from Juliet. From what I could tell, he only shared
information with Juliet to impress her."
"And hold her hostage," I said. "She was desperate for the information and
therefore did not stand up to his abuse."
"Right," Josh said, sliding away from that nasty episode. "The facts he
held back was an estimate of the number of people that large room with the
murals held and the estimate of how many people occupied the tunnels."
"Is that important?" I asked.
"I don't know. It's just odd," Josh said. "That room held about two
thousand people. He estimates the tunnels held around four hundred."
"That's odd," I said.
"I thought so," Josh said.
"Does he have an explanation?" I asked.
"No, not on his drive," Josh said. "It's merely a report of estimates.
Maybe speculation was above his pay grade."
"I wouldn't think so," I said. "It wouldn't be above Tamara's pay grade or
even Juliet's."
"That's what I thought," Josh said. "I haven't contacted them."
"I'll speak with them myself. What did you find on Kahlil's drive?" I
asked, not getting diverted onto my plans for the next couple of days.
"There are messages from the Secretary General's office, from the Secretary
General himself," Josh said. He was awed by this. Although Hypatia was
outside the Coalition, the Secretary General was the highest position we
knew about. Because the Secretary General is an ungendered Pantheran, I
knew there were powerful individuals to whom it reported, but we never saw
them. These were the gendered rulers of Panthera.
"Say more," I said.
"There is a lot of verbiage about saving the Coalition and protecting all
the races," Josh said. "It's pretty heavy stuff. From her notes, it looks
like Kahlil believed she was working to save the Coalition from those who
were planning to tear it apart. She saw herself as a patriot working
against the evil forces of fragmentation and rebellion represented by the
Northern Frontier and the Consortium of Planets. The Secretary General
points out that the Coalition is making sure the Coalition worlds don't
become like the Republic of Space or Queensland or even the Seven Worlds of
Faith. It's all the persuasive stuff."
"We've been hearing it all our lives," I said. "I no longer know what is
real and true and what is propaganda. This case is all very confusing.
Looking at it this way, Gyllian, Tamara and Emily Dickinson are the enemies
of good order and safety."
"Precisely," Josh said. "And maybe they are. Maybe we're working for the
wrong side."
Do you believe that?" I asked.
"Mostly no," Josh said uneasily. "But there is a part of me that believes
all the hype. I want to be safe. I don't want military actions. I don't
want the Pantherans bombing the southern continent even if we wouldn't be
affected here in Ptolemy City. I don't want the feeling the Pantherans can
come in any time they please and interfere."
"Isn't that the case?" I asked. "What is stopping them?"
And there it was. Either way, we were dependent on Pantheran restraint. The
only way we could counter the Pantherans were if we mounted a western
spiral arm wide revolt and that was unlikely. And if we did, who would
maintain the jump gates? Would we be putting ourselves back to the way it
was during the First Space Expansion? Whole planets would starve or go back
to a a commercial and industrial system which could no longer depend on
space flight and the interchange between planets and races. How long before
the neural net failed? Each planet would become its own world with no
outside interaction. "The problem with this whole situation is," I said,
"there are no good guys and no bad guys. There is something to be said for
each position."
"I just hope the Pantherans leave the Pharaoh Star System alone," Josh
said. "There might be more opportunities for me in the Solar League, but
that's why I stay here. I don't want to gt involved."
I did not know this about Josh. He had a lot of ambition but it was
tempered by the realities of living inside the Coalition. As for me, I
liked living here and had no desire ever to leave.
My searches came back. There was so much available on the political
situation. I off-loaded it to The Czarina, asking her to summarize. She was
a veteran watcher and listener. She would know how to sift and what was
important and what was not.
I was still waiting for the search to complete about Gillian.
The flier signaled me. It was fully loaded and ready to go.
"Anything else?" I asked.
"No," Josh said.
"I'm off then," I said.
"Have fun," Josh said.
"I intend to," I said.

4 Scene 2. 
