# I Review the Information on Colonel Gyllian Romeres Lujo #

It was a little spooky coming into the new villa. The last time I did that
Emily Dickinson was there and there were two dead bodies before the hearth.
I chatted wig the AI. It was obsequious and I changed the setting to
helpful and a bit chatty as I was alone. It accepted the change without
comment. Josh had done a good job setting it up for customization, privacy
and security. Remembering Star's penshent for recording everything, I
checked all the cameras on its network, giving Jacques specific directives
about what was to be saved and when.
I parked the flier in the underground garage? Hanger? Star would call it a
ride park. When would I ever stop thinking about Star. Star had been gone
for over four years now. Tara Lee was funny, sexy and beautiful.She would
be arriving soon.
The ramp from the underground parking garage led upward. I asked Jacques to
direct me to the bedroom area. He suggested the owner's suite. That sounded
like a reasonable place to start.
Reasonable was not a proper adjective. Over the top might be a better one--
deep plush carpets, thick draperies, mirrors, mirrors, mirrors! A bed with
more controls than I thought I could ever master. The clothes had been
removed and recycled. The closet space was vast. The tub with its sprays
and temperature settings would be fun to splash around in. I knew Tara Lee
would know just how to make it pleasurable. Her repertoire of lovemaking
scenarios seemed endless. I had never made up my mind if this meant she was
inventive, well-schooled on videos or well-traveled. I never asked. A smile
came to my face looking at the pool of bubbling water. I could get in this
pool with Tara Lee and be swept away. We would laugh and kiss and do all
sorts of things I asked Jacques not to record unless we specifically asked
him to. Star would never even get near anything like this. Star was through
and through cat when it came to water.
I unpacked myself, deciding where my things would go and where Tara lee's
things would go. I wandered into the food preparation area. It was not
called a kitchen. Apparently this area was designed for someone who
actually knew how to prepare food. I checked the stock of the prep machine.
My choices were there. I gave Jacques instructions for contacting Star's
villa AI so that my plan for re-invigorating the hydroponic growing tanks
could get started.
I was just thinking about settling down before the simulated fire in the
hearth when my link signaled my search on information about Gyllian was
complete. I retrieved my food and drink from the prepper and carried it
into the hearth room. It was spotless. You would never know two people died
here. For all I knew, more people than that had died here. The list of
weapons stored in this villa was staggering.
The viewer scrolled at a comfortable reading rate. It took too much brain
power to read inside my head and the implanting of information in the brain
was still very imperfect. Old-fashioned reading was quicker and still more
accurate for me. I could have the link integrate the information into my
case file. I munched and read.

Gyllian Anselma Romeres Lujo was born on Socrates.

Interesting. She was born on the Northern Frontier. Her roots were not in
the Solar League.

Her parents were professors. After her studies at the University of the
Gifted Mind, she enrolled in Intelligence Branch of the Solar League Navy,
receiving training and a commission.

Her biography listed the spaceships she served on, her awards and a few
missions she was a part of. As much of this material was classified, the
missions listed were rescue and recovery operations.

She was married to Lieutenant Eberhard Dietrich, also known as Emily
Dickinson.

No kidding. That was odd. I could not picture them together. But then I
always had trouble picturing a man and a woman together. It is just how my
mind works--or doesn't work.

The marriage did not last. It was a contract marriage and neither party
sought to renew it.


After that, Gyllian moved back to the Northern Frontier and applied to the
Ministry of Defense in the newly formed Consortium of Planets. She was
given the rank of First Lieutenant. Her first big accomplishment was
protecting all spacecraft from the Bermuda Triangle.

I remembered that was Star's first adventure. I looked at the date. Star
and Gyllian went back a long way. Not as far as Gyllian and Emily
Dickinson, but more than twelve years. I had still be in high school. Then
again, that made Star only about fifteen or sixteen years old. I remembered
Star had no idea how long a star runner lived. The older ones were always
terminated. I suspected Pantherans lived a long time--at least the gendered
ones did.
The bio went on, but photo opportunities and awards were not what I was
interested in.
The final paragraph caught my attention.

For some time, Colonel Gyllian Romeres Lujo has been crusading for the
Consortium of Planets, in cooperation with the Solar League, to be
skeptical of Coalition claims of neutrality toward the non-Pantheran races.
She maintains that the Pantheran agenda is to subjugate the other races and
establish its hegemony in the western spiral arm. Her activities, although
widely supported by the Consortium of Planets upper echelons privately, is
problematic for its public image of wanting to cooperate with the Coalition
to reopen borders between the Coalition and the Northern Frontier. More
advanced planets are trying to develop a closer relationship with their
counterparts in the Solar League and like-minded planets of other races.
Her biggest support comes from more frontier planets deeper inside the
northern territory. Her dismissal from the Ministry of Defense is seen as a
victory for the moderates and a setback to the ore radical elements. Some
documents suggest, however, that highly positioned people in the government
agree with her and this dismissal is only a public relations move. Colonel
Gyllian Romeres may still be employed by the Intelligence Branch and is
working undercover in plain sight.

Bingo! I turned off the viewer with a wave of my hand. Gyllian was only
playing at being fired. No wonder she was publicly drinking and then taking
the drugs to sober up quickly. She probably had the drugs embedded
subcutaneously. The Consortium of Planets believed Tamara's Big Dig was a
major piece of the puzzle. I wondered what it was. Over two thousand people
could be accommodated in the room with the generic murals. Only four
hundred and fifty could Liv in the tunnels. How did that work?
I puzzled over these items during the next day, reading The Czarina's
reports and looking forward to Tara Lee's arrival in the evening. The
training flier signaled its departure from Faros Lighthouse Spaceport. It
signaled again when it docked with the Alexandria Space Station. Finally,
it signaled its departure from the Alexandria Space Station with Tara Lee
on board.
I prepared my body carefully. I certainly had ever aid known to human
beings in my suite. I chose my clothes carefully. Lee knowing flashy. I
wanted to be rough and ready Ronnie, smelling of cleanness, but under that
casual outer presentation, I wanted to be ready for her touch.
I met Tara Lee in the underground parking garage. The flier's door popped
open. Tara Lee climbed out, graceful as ever.I opened my arms and she came
to me, sweet smelling and warm, her mouth hot on mine. We held that pose
for a long time.
"MMM," I said. "It's good to have you back where you belong."
Tara Lee flushed.
"That was good," she said.
Then she looked around her.
"My bags," she said.
"Already on their way to our suite," I said.
"That flier was amazing," Tara Lee said. "I asked it for make and model,
but the answer I got was garbled."
"Garbled?" I asked. That did not sound right.
"Just some shrieks and growling noises," Tara Lee said. "It sounded like a
file had been badly corrupted."
I laughed. "No, just not translated," I said. "The flier answered you."
"What language could it possibly be?" Tara Lee asked. "I've never heard
anything like it."
"Pantheran," I said, "specifically, star runner Pantheran. That flier was
once a star runner training ride. It was re purposed and given to a
Pantheran agent known on Hypatia at Richard III, Duke of the Gloucester
Road. It was outfitted to be used by a human being--the displays and verbal
inputs and outputs. On a very wild run--which I won't go into--Captain Star
Runner discovered it was of Pantheran design and re-established its star
runner interface. The two of them discovered the flier had been Star's
trainer. They got on famously. Star claimed the flier and made more human
adaptations so I could fly it--I use that word loosely. I still have access
to the flier. I keep it because it can fly with the Pharaoh Star System.
So, I could use it to fetch you here directly--no going to the Faros
Lighthouse Spaceport, no renting a flier, no going from the northern
hemisphere to the southern hemisphere and halfway around the planet. We're
down under big time here."
A shadow passed over Tara Lee's face. Star again. I brought her into a
rough embrace, kissing her hard.
"Don't fret, my lovely," I said. "it's just a flier and it brought you to
me as quickly as you could get away. That's all that matters."
I thought she might pull away, might shake her finger at me and admonish
me. I thought at least she would find my behavior oafish or too mannish.
Instead, she melted into my arms.
"Hungry?" I asked her when I released her.
"Yes," she said, "but not for food."
I smiled wickedly. "Come with me," I said, taking her hand. "This is the
place of your sexiest dreams.I'll show you what I've got. You show me how
to use it."
I was bold, expansive, directing her moves. Tara Lee fell into step with
me. She seemed shy, less sure of herself. I felt both buoyed up by my
behavior and foolish. I brought her to the suite and showed her the
bubbling pool. Timidly she asked for some supplies. I hesitated but Jacques
the AI did not hesitate.
"Is that your house AI?" Tara Lee asked.
"Yes," I said.
"He's so cute," Tara Lee said. "I love his accent. Are you recording this?"
"Do you want me to?" I asked. "I turned all the recording off for privacy."
Tara Lee giggled. "Turn it on. I want to watch later in bed."
I gave Jacques the instructions. Tara Lee was right. It was fun watching
what we did later in bed. It was more fun doing it all over again on dry
land.
I whisked off her outer clothes,marveling at her underwear. I slid my
softened by oils hands over it, holding her away from me to admire, pulling
her close to me to feel her skin and the clothing against my body.
Tara Lee by stages undressed me. Finally we stepped into the steaming pool
with its foaming bubbles and perfumed oils. We totally immersed ourselves,
sliding our now slick bodies against each other, giggling and laughing,
playing silly games and engaging in passionate foreplay. My fingers and
tongue had the run of her body and her fingers and tongue of mine.
At last we were ready to go all the way. Was it good? What do you think? We
showered, washing each other's body and hair. I combed hers out. Tara Lee
pinned it up. Mine was short and would dry quickly. Wrapped in scrumptious
robes and slippers, we stopped by the prepper and brought our food into the
hearth room. Jacques had a low-burning fire going. We sat on large cushions
and fed each other pieces from our plates. I sprawled, legs apart, hands
clasped behind my neck. I was sleepy and sated with food and Tara Lee.
Tara Lee sat cross-legged on a large cushion. She ran a finger up the
inside of my thigh. "Naughty girl," she said. "You're letting parts of you
show."
what are you going to do about it?" I asked.
"This," she said and touched a most private part.
I had been so happy with Tara Lee. I had lived in the moment, enjoying her,
being satisfied with her, wanting these moments to last a lifetime. I felt
at home in my body and at home with hers. Although I had not really thought
about it critically, I did not think anyone else could make me this happy
and at peace. But in that moment of feeling the tip of her finger touch me
in that way, I thought of Star's tongue doing the same thing and how much I
wanted her finger to be rough and warm and moist the way Star's tongue was.
She did not have whiskers to rub against me there or the gentle prick of
sharp teeth or the wideness of a Pantheran's mouth to kiss me.
I groaned. Tara Lee took it to be encouragement and proceeded. But it was a
different kind of groan. This was the groan of inner distress. Where was
Star? Why had I ever sent Star away. I groaned again and Tara Lee's touches
grew more insistent.
My body did not betray me thankfully. It responded to her touch and I put
my thoughts of Star away and lived again in the moment. I heard Tara Lee's
squeals of pleasure as I satisfied her. We fell asleep entangled on the
pillows. We did not wake until my link's insistent call and Jacques's
insistent prompting woke us both.
"What is it?" Tara Lee asked sleepily. I imaged she was used to emergencies
while she was sleeping. She must be erg tired. Well, so was I and sore,
too, for that matter. I would need to apply those creams I saw in the
medicine chest to a number of sensitive areas. I suspected Tara Lee would
apply them, too.
"What is it?" Tara Lee asked again, sitting up.
"Trouble," I said. "Three Pantheran warships have extracted way out of the
Pharaoh Star System, beyond the jump gate. Gyllian, Colonel Romeres Lujo,
thinks they did not use the gate intentionally but found a nearby
extraction point. It's a very conservative move."
"Pantheran warships, here in the Pharaoh Star System," Tara lee gasped. "I
need to get back to my post."
"The warships have signaled the Alexandria Space Station they are not
docking," I said "and for commercial and pleasure traffic to avoid their
trajectory to the southern continent of Hypatia," I said. "Gyllian says
they're after the Big Dig. If they're after the dig, this villa will
doubtless be destroyed."
"What will they do?" Tara Lee asked.
"Bomb it out of exigence," I said.
"But your investment," Tara Lee exclaimed.
"Is both insured and within the period of time I can disclaim it," I
said."Sad, but true. Gyllian wants to know if I can evacuate the dig."
"Can you?" Tara Lee asked.
"Jacques," I said, "how many people can fit in my fliers? Include the
base's flier in your calculations. I need to evacuate everyone. Is it
possible?"
Jacques said, "All can fit on the fliers specified and they can lift. They
will not be able to travel to Ptolemy City."
"Can they make Sat's villa?" I asked. "They'll need to go over the Ring of
Volcanoes. Will Star's villa be safe?"
"Yes," Jacques replied. "It is reinforced.
"And this villa?" I asked. "Is it reinforced?" I had not considered this
possibility.
"It is," Jacques said, "but the available information on Pantheran bombs
suggest it will not survive in tact."
"Make the fliers ready. Dispatch all but one to the big dig. Send a message
to Tamara. Have her confirm."
"All done," Jacques replied.
"I'll do what I can with the villa when this is over," I told the AI.
"Thank you," Jacques replied. "I will put everything in lock down mode. You
need to take certain items with you. I will put them in the flier."
"OK," I said. Tara Lee and I ran to the bedroom suite, got dressed and
hurried to the two-seater sports flier. Bots came behind us with our bags
and set them aboard. We strapped in and the little flier left the
underground parking garage, lifted into the sky and turned south.
"Where are we going?" Tara lee asked.
"Through a volcanic mountain range called the Ring of Fire," I said. "It is
quite spectacular and very rugged. The flight will be bumpy. After that, we
will go to the South Pole. I have access to Captain Star Runner's villa.
That's a long story, but at the moment it's the best shot we have for
survival."
While we headed toward the volcanoes which circled the planet at this
latitude, Tara Lee contacted the Alexandria Space Station and explained
that her current location and situation precluded her prompt return. She
would come back as soon as possible. Apparently the station manager was not
taking this well. Tara Lee slapped a gesture to turn off her link.
"Stupid man," she said. "I don't have access to a space worthy flier. I am
in a danger zone. What does he expect me to do, fly by flapping my arms?"
The flight through the volcanoes was as scary and as spectacular as my
previous flights.
"It's too bad the atmosphere is toxic," Tara Lee said. "These mountains
would be excellent to climb."
"You would climb them?" I was shocked.
"Oh, yes," Tara Lee said. "It would be only for experts. You would need to
mount quite an operation. I wonder if extreme climbers would be interested.
The toxicity would be an added risk."
"You would be crazy," I said.
Tara Lee smiled for the first time. "That is the point of extreme sports,"
she said. "You have to be crazy--and well-prepared."
We arrived at the villa. When we came into the large open area used as
living space, I smelled the plants. The tanks were revitalized. Yes. That
would help a lot. The AI reported a full pantry, too. Excellent. WE settled
down to wait for the others.
Chapter Fifteen 
