# The Bronze Spaceship #

I sniffed the air. The smell of plants growing. The air was freshly
scrubbed. The villa was comfortably warm. This was odd. Usually the villa's
systems did not power up for occupation unless I sent a message. I had not
sent a message. So why--
A new odor penetrated my nostrils. I could see the expression of distaste
cross Tara Lee's face. I knew that scent. A Pantheran was present. The only
Pantheran I thought could access this villa was Captain Star Runner.
I called out, "Star, are you here?"
The expression of distaste stayed on Tara Lee's face.
Then there Star was, filling the arch of the living area.
Tara Lee gasped. Concerned, I turned toward her.
"Magnificent," she whispered. "No wonder you can't forget."
I squeezed her hand. I loved her, too. I might think of Star's rough tongue
when Tara Lee touched me, but I could not walk away from her.
"Hello, Star," I said. "This is Tara Lee O'Rourke, Chief Security Office
for the Alexandria Space Station and my lover."
I surprised both Tara Lee and myself.
"Greetings," Star said in Star's neutral voice. When Star speaks, there is
always the hint of meow as Star forms the sounds necessary for human
speech. As far as I know, humans cannot speak Pantheran.
"I am pleased you brought the training flier so promptly," Star said,
getting right down to business. Not even a whisker twitched in my
direction. I wondered if memories of me had been placed in Star's memory
archives. I was hurt. I thought there would be a special greeting for me if
we finally met again.I had longed for this day for years. Now that it had
come, I was unsure. Star's manner did not brook any discussion.
"I am having the bots clean your flier and park the flier out of the way,"
Star continued. "They found personal luggage but they also found some other
items."
"The AI at my villa said they were important," I said.
"We will need to have a full compliment on board," Star said. "I need to
know if the items are important to bring along."
"I have no idea," I said.
"May I open them? Would you be willing to give the bots the code. They can
reseal them and provide fresh codes," Star said.
"We should be present when the boxes are unlocked," Tara Lee said, her
security training coming to the fore.
"Proceed," Star said.
"Where are we going?" I asked.
"Initially to Alexandria Space Station," Star said. "Then we will pursue
the course I have been researching for Tamara's project. Do you want to
accompany us? I understand you are working for her."
"For Gyllian actually," I said.
"As am I," Star said. "Given the appearance of the military, Colonel
Gyllian Romeres Lujo will be on board for this mission."
"I have my responsibilities at the station especially with the warships
present in the system," Tara Lee said.
I hesitated. Where did my loyalties lie?
"You do not need to decide immediately," Star told me. "When we dock at the
Alexandria Space Station, we will all disembark. Those wishing to accompany
me into Mother Space will proceed quickly to my ride. We have little time
to affect an insertion. We await Tamara's crew. I am grateful you had
fliers to dispatch."
Still very cold.
"The boxes," Star prompted.
"Right," I said. Tara Lee and I hurried back to the parking area.
"I've never been that close to a Pantheran before," Tara Lee said. "That
color! hat coat! It must be--" She trailed off, embarrassed. I created
several endings to her sentence in my mind:
touch it.
be held by it.
make love to it.
"Yes," I said. All were true.
"No wonder you've been so stuck on it," Tara Lee said with amazement.
"Yes," I said. My responses sounded so inadequate, but we were hurrying and
there were decisions to make.
"Though it doesn't seem to pay much attention to you," Tara Lee added with
satisfaction.
"The memories may have been archived," I said. "Or Star is focused on the
current task. Star's mind interacts with Star's AI at a very intimate
level.
Tara Lee grasped my hand.
"I liked you calling me your lover," she said.
"You are," I said, squeezing back.
"It's never been like it was back at your villa before," Tara Lee said.
"No, it hasn't," I agreed.
We reached the sport flier. I spoke to the nearest bot, "You have boxes for
me to look at."
"Over here," it said.
They were lock boxes, many of them. I opened several. They were filled with
currency. Tara Lee and I exchanged looks. The villa had once belonged to
Adam Worth who was under indictment in the Solar League.
"It's yours," Tara Lee said. "Lock it up No one can prove otherwise."
"Star," I said, looking directly at the bot, "will items here be safe from
the bombing?"
"Yes," Star said. "You can store those items safely under your codes."
My link acknowledged a receipt from Star for the correct number of boxes. I
had not opened them all. Unless there was a compelling reason, Star would
not tamper with them. Star had said nothing about me accessing the villa.
I accepted the receipt. I returned with Tara Lee to the living area.
The first of the Big Dig transported personnel arrived. Te fliers were
packed with people and equipment. Star and the bots sorted them out. Tara
Lee and I directed the household bots to serve them. There was much anxiety
until the final flier with Tamara on board arrived. I saw her throw her
arms around Star's neck. It was an a very intimate moment. Tara Lee was
watching, too.
Tara Lee said, "They love each other."
"Very much," I said.
"Aren't you jealous?" Tara Lee asked.
"At first," I said, remembering a previous reunion. "But their relationship
is quite unique. Star calls Tamara my friend. Star looks up to her though
curiously enough, Star was Tamara's guardian. I think Tamara plays the role
of advisor and explainer. Each in their own way looks out for one another.
They are more family than anything else."
"Interesting," Tara Lee said.
"Quite," I said. "Tamara is not a threat. If she disapproved of someone,
that probably would be the end of it."
"And she approved of you?" Tara Lee asked.
"As far as I know," I said. This was conversation was getting very weird.
"It's hard to think of him as female," Tara Lee said. "I'm wondering about
that."
"You didn't first see Star prancing across the lobby at Shepheard's Hotel
draped in a filmy scarf," I said. "Both Star and the scarf were lighter
than air."
Tara Lee frowned, thinking.
"I think I can imagine that," she said. "Right now he looks so solid. But a
cat can be light on its feet. Like that?"
"Like that," I said "only more so."
"A stereotype, for sure," Tara Lee said, "but like a dancer."
"Exactly," I said. "They were the movements of a very special woman.
Sometimes you move like that, too."
"Then I'll have to invest in some scarves," Tara Lee said, laughing.
I smiled. "A few scarves and nothing else might do it," I agreed.
Star called us to the training flier, motioning Tara Lee and I to stay
back. The staff boarded, then Tamara, then Tara Lee and me. Star strapped
into the acceleration web awkwardly. I sat in the human pilot's seat,
Tamara and Tara Lee behind me. I looked at the display, Tara Lee and Tamara
looking over my shoulder. All lights were barely green when we began to
move. Star said nothing. All communication with the flier was in Star's
head. We saw the results on the display.
A message flashed up:

Prepare for extreme G forces.

Star was pushing the flier to move quickly. Were the bombs falling at this
moment?
I relayed the message to the passengers. I wondered how to prepare myself.
The G force was horrible. I felt I was being rolled over by a heavy object.
I was certain I would be sick or pass out. The feeling lasted a long time.
There were no medical monitors to see how any of us were doing. I wondered
how Star determined the maximum G force to maintain to get to the space
station quickly while not killing any of us.
The G forces abated. We were very close to the docking area. This was not
the pleasant area where the shuttle craft or the Shuttle passenger liners
docked. This was where the suppliers docked. The flier moved expertly. I
heard the thump and bump as we filled our birth.
Here we were and I had not had time to decide if I wanted to go with Star
into hyperspace or join Tara Lee on the space station and find out what was
going on with the warships and the bombing.
Star unstrapped quickly and bounded out of the flier, saying nothing to
anyone. I assumed Star needed to get to Star's spaceship at soon as
possible to be ready to blast off again.
I unstrapped myself and moved to the hatch. First in, first out. That was
the rule of fliers.
Gyllian was standing there.
"Ronnie," she said without preamble or greeting, "I hope you can come with
us. Josh, Captain Kidd and The Czarina are here. They're waiting at the
ship." She took my arm. "Please join us."
If the rest of my team was already on board figuratively if not literally,
how could I back down?
Tara Lee said in my ear, "Go. I have work to do. I'll be here when you get
back."
"Count on it," I said though I wondered what I meant.
I let Gyllian propel me out of the docking area and through the space
station. I wondered where Star was parked.
The signage indicated we were in a secure area. This was where the space
yachts parked. It gave Star's ship some privacy.
The ship surprised me. It was a bronze disc, not a torch ship like all of
Star's other ships. We filed aboard. The interior was luxurious even if
cramped. Tamara, Gyllian, Juliet and I ended up sharing a compartment for
two.
"Prepare to disembark," Star said over the intercom.
"Disembark from the space station? We had barely gotten aboard.
Yet embark we did. The G forces were high. Star wanted to get to the
insertion point as quickly as possible. The warships must be very close.
In my near blackout state, I heard Star's voice say, "We have inserted into
hyperspace. The G forces will decrease. Perform medical scans. Then you may
be free to move about."
It took a while before I could move sufficiently to sit up and look about
me. Tamara was kneeling next to Juliet who was crying. Gyllian was standing
at the medical scanner.
"You're next," Gyllian said to me.
I struggled to get off the bed and in front of the scanner. Lights blinked
green. The readouts were still blurry. I could look them over later, even
repeat the scan. For now, it was sufficient that I had come through two
high G flights in tact.
"She's okay, I think," Tamara said, rising. "She's just scared."
"Understandable," Gyllian said, her hand on the door latch.
"Where are we going?" I asked.
"We think we are going where the people on Hypatia went," Gyllian said.
There was more to it than that. I needed to talk with Star. Gyllian would
not tell me what I wanted to know. Besides, I wanted to know what had
happened to Star after Star left the western spiral arm and why Star was
subtly different. That was why I had not rushed to Star. This was not
exactly my Star.

11 Chapter Sixteen 
