# I Receive More Background #


1 Author's Note

Shoot. I forgot to put in scenes in the previous chapter. Let's see. What
would they be? I'll have to combine a bit for simplicity.
Scene 1. Ronnie and Tara Lee Meet Someone at the Villa
Scene 2. A Wild Ride to the Alexandria Space Station and Beyond
Scene 3. Aboard the Bronze Disc Starship
That should do it and get me to Star's recap.

2 Scene 1. I Talk with Captain Star Runner

I followed Gyllian out of the door of the state room. By the time the door
closed behind me, she was nowhere to be seen. I wondered where the star
runner's area was. Guessing that this spaceship would be set up something
like The Owl and the Pussy Cat, I said aloud, "Christabel, how do I get to
the runner's area?"
Familiar blue lights appeared. I followed them down one corridor after
another. I found a ramp and followed it upward. The lights blinked out
behind me. At last I stepped into a circular room. My sense of interior
geography is poor but I suspected I was at the center of the saucer-shaped
starship underneath a dome.
Star lay unmoving on a rectangular platform in the center of the room. Star
appeared to be asleep. I would have thought Star was dead except I could
see the gentle rise and fall of his chest and hear his breathing.
Encircling both Star and the rectangular platform was a fuchsia-colored
shimmer.
"Star," I said aloud.
"Hello, Private Investigator Ronnie Camberwell," Star said, shifting a
little and opening green eyes.
You're not in your acceleration web," I said. I was stating the obvious but
I did not understand.
"This replaces the acceleration web," Star said, gesturing about. "You can
walk through the field around me. It won't hurt you though it may feel a
little strange."
Will you walk into my parlour?" said the Spider to the Fly," I quoted Mary
Howitt.
"'Tis the prettiest little parlour that ever you did spy;" Star quoted back
to me.
The poem broke the tension between us. I stepped into the fuchsia-colored
shimmer. Star was right. It tingled. It was like being probed, like
touching something electrical, but not painful. As I stood next to the
rectangular platform, the tingling sensation lessened though it did not
totally go away.
"What is it?" I asked.
"You can sit down," Star said, indicating the platform. I did. Nothing else
happened to me.
"What is it?" I asked again.
"Part of the infrastructure of this ride," Star said. "It meshes with my
systems and with the ride."
"You seem different," I said. It was nothing I could point to. It was,
nevertheless, true.
"I am," Star said. "I received what was called a significant software
upgrade. It reached down to the molecular level I'm told."
I thought about this. It sounded radical and scary.
"Who did that?" I asked. "Are you OK?"
"I am fine," Star said. "The People of the Rainbow explained there had been
genetic drift and my biological system needed some adjustments."
"Do you like them?" I asked.
"They are working well for me," Star said. "I am much more integrated with
Christabel. She received upgrades, too."
"And what did the Fungusian Network think of that?" I asked.
"They were quite pleased," Star said.
"This is a new ship for you," I said. "What happened to the other one?"
"It was damaged," Star said. "I received this one to replace it."
"So this is not a Featherote ship," I said.
"Correct. I would need to go back to Half Moon Space Station for repairs
though I suspect the Featherote Charm could help. They are very clever."
"Indeed," I said.
"But you did not come here to talk about my past adventures," Star said.
"No," I said. "I'm wondering about the current one. What's going on?"
A back rest appeared. I rested more comfortably.
We inserted into Mother Space via a very old jump gate," Star said. "I was
able to open it because of my newly enhanced genetic profile. The military
vehicles and their star runners will not be able to open it or even find
it. It will be as if we disappeared into thin air if you excuse the inapt
metaphor."
"Was it built by the People of the Rainbow?" I asked.
"Possibly," Star said, "or by Prince Hat's people or someone else. You and
I know very little of the history of the western spiral arms and the many
races who have lived here and are living here. Perhaps this is one of their
gates. Anyway, we had coordinates. I started at the other end, finding out
where the people on Hypatia could have gone if they went through that gate.
This is a fold of space/time that is, as far as I can tell, not used for
centuries."
"You can tell that?" I asked.
"Yes," Star said. "There are signs. The only thing my ride is telling me is
that I am retracing the route I used to get to the Pharaoh Star System."
"And where will the extraction point put us?" I asked. I was afraid of the
answer. Star could see that.
"Far to the south," Star said. "We'll be a long way even from the Southern
Frontier.
"And why are we going that way?" I asked.
"Because it is possible the people who were in the tunnels at the Big Dig
went there afterwards," Star said. "I did not explore space beyond the
extraction point. I just made sure I could open and close the jump gate."
"And my team is aboard your ship because--" I prompted.
"Because Colonel Gyllian Romeres Lujo thought you all might be safer with
us than be available for questioning by the military," Star replied.
"They might think we would know something of this mysterious insertion
point you used," I said.
"Precisely," Star said.
Then Star added, "And I wanted to see you."
Star's words hung in the air between us. I was not sure how to respond.
This was a quieter, more reflective Star, not the energetic, funny,
flirtatious Star I knew.
As if reading my mind Star continued, "I know I am changed and no doubt you
are, too, but I still think about you. I thought about you constantly when
I was imprisoned. But I can see you have changed, too. You seem quite happy
with Security Chief Tara Lee O'Rourke. Star sounded wistful.
I reached out my hand and touched Star's flank. It was warm and silky soft.
I felt muscle underneath. Despite it's unconventional structure, this new
integration with the ship maintained Star's body as before.
Star moved and I allowed myself to be drawn into a full body embrace. I
knew the entrance to the runner's area would be locked. We were alone.
Strong legs wrapped around me. Our kiss was long and deep. No one kissed
like Star Runner. I wondered what scenario Christabel was running in Star's
mind to simulate a gendered response.
"Shall I make love to you?" Star asked.
I thought of Tara Lee and our recent lovemaking. It had been the best ever.
I felt the warmth of Star's body underneath me, felt the gentle prick of
sharp teeth as Star nibble my ear. I had so missed the feel of silky fur on
bare skin.
"Yes," I whispered. "Oh, yes."
My memories of Star were both accurate and lacking in the intensity being
present to Star's caresses brought. Afterwards, I realized the fuchsia-
colored shimmer also touched my flesh. Had it, too, contributed to all the
sensations that were both familiar and new? Where was Christabel in all
this? Her direction would be subtle but all but same, it would be there.
Did I mind?
No," I thought. "I did not.
Star's paw brushed hair away from my face. For something as awkward as a
paw, Star was always gentle with me unless I asked for something different.
"I am," Star paused, trying to fit words to feelings, "humbled that you
would still desire me after all this time."
"I love Tara Lee," I told Star truthfully, "but I love you, too. I suppose
I will have to choose to be fair to each of you."
Star's toes touched my moth. Star's claws were retracted. "Not now," Star
said. "There will be a time for choosing."
Star was right. Tara Lee had said the same thing back at the Elwood Street
Diner. I did have to choose. Maybe this journey would help me choose.
A bell sounded.
"You are being asked to attend a meeting Colonel Gyllian Romeres Lujo and
Tamara have called," Star said. "I will monitor it from here. I think it
best if you attend in person."
I agreed. I got dressed, straightened myself out in a nearby lavatory and
made my way back to the exact center of the disc-shaped starship.

3 Scene 2. 
