# Gyllian Presents #

When I arrived in the large lounge, I saw Josh and The Czarina waving. They
had saved me a seat. I sat down with them and with Captain Kidd.
"We wondered where you were," The Czarina said.
"Visiting with Captain Star Runner," I said. "I wondered how Star was
doing. We had not had a chance to speak to each other."
The Czarina patted my hand. "It looks like your catching up was thorough,
dear," she said.
I blushed.
"Only an eagle eye can see those tiny scratches on your ear," she assured
me in a whisper. Our Captain Star Runner is rarely subtle."
"That's true enough," I whispered back.
"But Star hasn't lost his, or for you should I say her, touch," The Czarina
observed.
"Not an iota," I said, no longer embarrassed but happy for The Czarina to
know we were lovers again.
"It's often strange," The Czarina confided, "but I find Captain Star Runner
to be a loyal friend. I think that speaks well of him, her, as a lover."
I was about to ask The Czarina of her opinion of Tara Lee when Gyllian
strode into the room.
"Thank you all for coming to this meeting," Gyllian said, "I want to bring
you all up-to-date on our investigations."
Much of what Gyllian presented was not new to me or my team. Our research,
our conversations with Tamara and with Gyllian and with our own
speculations filling in gaps, we had a pretty good picture of what was
going on.
Gyllian said, "My colleague who I left back on Alexandria Space Station,
was able to message me prior to our jumping into hyperspace," Gyllian was
saying.
The woman at the coffee shop. She had not been a place saver after all but
a colleague.
"As we suspected, the warships did bomb the Big Dig as you people were
calling it. Their bombs were both thorough and fell with pinpoint accuracy.
Damage did not extend any farther south than the ring of volcanoes and to
the north--" I studied the map. My new villa was affected but Star's villa
would be untouched. "No significant earthquakes or volcanic eruptions
ensued," Gyllian continued.
"However, one of the warships docked at Alexandria Space Station and began
illegal interrogations of passengers and instituted a search for personnel
associated with our investigations, specifically myself, Tamara, Private
Investigator Ronnie Camberwell and her team."
Gyllian turned to us. "I am so glad you all agreed to come with us."
Tara Lee, I thought. What was happening to Tara Lee. Surely the Pantherans
would question her. She knew Star was with us.
Gyllian responded to my fears.
"Ronnie, we know Tara Lee would be interrogated so my colleague is
protecting her from Pantheran interrogation. I can't say more than that but
know Tara Lee is safe."
I hoped that was true. Star might know. I would have to ask. Was Star's
attentions to minimize my worry? Was Star really back in bed with Gyllian?
I had read about her involvement with a human professor on Socrates at the
University of the Gifted Mind, but after all, I was not being monogamous.
Why would I think she was either.
"Now," Gyllian said, "for our current mission.
"We are traveling at great speed through hyperspace. The construction of
this ship neutralizes the extreme G forces you experienced lifting to the
space station. WE are traveling faster than any starship in the Coalition.
As a result, even if the warships are able to follow us into hyperspace,
they cannot catch us.
"My colleague said one of the warships followed our trajectory, but of
course we do not know if they were successful in opening the jump gate. We
doubt it very much."
Questions were asked. I did not follow the discussion. I was thinking of
Tara Lee. How was Gyllian's colleague protecting her?
My link signaled. I was startled. Who could call me here? How was it even
activating without the neural net. I placed my forearm to my ear to listen
privately.
Christabel's familiar voice said, "The Ministry of Defense colleague
administered drugs," she said. "Tara Lee has no memory of her time on
Hypatia. Even a brain sifter could not retrieve the information. This was
an extreme application but Gyllian thought it was necessary."
Christabel signed off. My hands fell to my lap. All her memories erased.
That meant memories of our time together were erased, too. What we had said
to each other, what we had
done, her request for my return and my promise to return. I was devastated.
I only returned to Gyllian's presentation slowly. I wanted to be alone, to
rage, to cry. It looked like that on this busy ship I would not have the
opportunity. I would deal with Gyllian later. Well, probably not. She would
site security reasons and personal loss and devastation would not be
considered important. And how could I say they were in the face of these
large and complicated political and military events. Would Hypatia and the
Pharaoh Star System ever be the same after the Pantheran incursion?
"We will extract here," Gyllian was saying. A star map appeared above our
heads with a pointer. "There are several stars in this area," she said,
pointing them out. "We think this one is the most likely to support human
life. We will go there and see what we find."
Tamara rose and talked about investigations on a new world. I stopped
listening. Te Czarina touched my arm. "Gyllian wants to talk with you," she
said.
I looked up and saw Gyllian gesturing to me from the doorway. I got up and
followed her out.

4 Scene 3. 
