# Words with Gyllian #

"You have every right to be angry," Gyllian said to me when we were along
in the kitchen area next to the lounge. "I know you two were having some
sort of a reconciliation holiday. I gather it went well. Now it's gone, at
least or Security Officer Tara Lee O'Rourke. I would not have done that if
I thought she wold have been safe."
"Safe?" I said. "WY wouldn't she have been safe?"
"Because you probably talked with her," Gyllian said, "and she knew Captain
Star Runner was back. Star is many things, some good, some bad, but Star is
an irritant in the Pantheran military's flank and they know him to be the
best star runner ever created."
I wanted to lash out at her but she was making sense.
"And why is it so important they don't know abut Star?" I asked.
"Because Star is always involved with something that frightens the
Pantherans," Gyllian said. "They overreact. They usually act badly. If I
could think of a way to use Star to free humanity from Pantheran domination
I would stop at nothing to accomplish that. I think that is the legend of
the fuchsia-colored Pantheran. It would almost force the Pantherans to
acquiesces to him."
"That's crazy," I said, more annoyed than I thought I would be. "You wipe
my lover's memory and then want to use my, my," I could not use lover
again. Significant other? Partner? That sounded adulterous. "my dear friend
to further your ambitions? What kind of a woman are you? Have you have no
principles at all?"
Gyllian looked at me coolly. "I have the same principles you do," she said
and turned away.
I stood in the kitchen alone for a long time. The picture I had of myself
was very dismal. I stood there until Josh found me.

5 Author's Note

Christabel would not use voice to contact Ronnie. She would always use
text.

6 Scene 3. 
