# Josh and I Talk in the Ship's Galley #

I told Josh everything in probably more detail than necessary. He would
have made smart remarks about having two lovers was better than none when
we were younger, but he was mature enough not to. I suspected he was going
to use this time to pursue Juliet Maxwell. With Cuthbert dead he might have
a chance.
"I'm a horrible person," I concluded.
"Not really," Josh said. " You're not married to either of them. You did
what you thought best at the time."
"But it wasn't right," I protested.
"How is that so?" Josh asked.
"Tara Lee lost her memories," I said. "She was happy."
"And now she's safe," Josh said. "Would you rather be happy or safe?"
Put that way, safe was the only humane answer.
"Besides," Josh continued, "if the spy novels I listen to are correct, she
made a copy of her memories before they wiped her short-term memory."
"If they had time," I said.
My link signaled.

They did have time. Tara Lee's memories were recorded in her own voice,
encrypted and sent via quantum light key to me. I have them stored and in a
backup file as well.

I showed Josh the text.
"Who is that?" he asked.
"The ship's AI," I said. "Her name is Christabel."
"She's listening to us?" Josh asked.
"Christabel listens and watches," I said. I smiled at his reaction. "She's
fairly discrete," I told him.
"Whew," Josh said. "But you see I was right. Tara Lee won't remember but
she has told herself important things."
"I suppose," I said but I was still dubious.
"Maybe I could crack them," Josh said.
I punched his arm. "Think again," I said. "You may be a hotshot hacker but
I'm willing to bet you can't overcome the Ministry of Defense of the
Consortium of Planets, a quantum light key and the most advanced AI in the
western spiral arm. Now go talk with Juliet."
Josh looked crestfallen, confused and happy all at once.
"So you're better?" he asked.
"Better, but not satisfied," I said. "Now run along and play."
"Thanks for the tips," Josh said. And he was gone.

12 Chapter Eighteen
