# In the Cargo Hold #

Spending Time in Mother Space

Scene 1. A Conversation with Captain Star Runner and Some of My Own
Reflections
There were displays throughout the ship calculating how far we had traveled
and distance yet to be traveled. The distance was calculated for both
hyperspace and normal space. We were traveling at a great speed and going
well outside the explored areas of space. Our ravel, nonetheless, would
take several days.
During this period, I spent a lot of time with Star and an equal amount of
time with my own thoughts. Josh had tried to cheer me up, but my own
assessment of my continued behavior troubled me greatly.
I found a place in the cargo area that still possessed breathable air where
I could be alone. I was sitting unhappily when a quiet voice near me said,
"Can I help?"
I had not realized I was sitting near one of the ship's intercoms.
Christabel was using it for a speaker.
"Hello, Christabel," I said. "I understand you have had an upgrade, too. Is
counselor part of your package now?"
"Counseling is part of my programming," Christabel said. "Star runners need
a very steady presence to do their jobs well. They are basically lonely
individuals, tied to their rides with little interaction with the rest of
the crew. You have known a star runner with a very strong personality who
can function as an individual most of the time. Our Captain Star Runner is
quite unique. Star's own personality is very discrete from mine. That is
not typically the case. Star runners can often be lost in their AI."
"Well," I said, "you know what's happening between Star and me."
"I know what Star is thinking and feeling," Christabel said. "I know what
you are doing but I don't know how you are thinking and feeling except that
you seem very unhappy much of the time. I'm wondering how I can help."
"Did Star send you?" I asked.
"No," Christabel said. "Star is quite busy with the ride."
"Am I taking Star away from ride work?" I asked, horrified I might be
endangering the ship.
"No," Christabel said. "This may sound indelicate, but you do not have
Star's undivided attention. It may seem possible to send a ride on a
trajectory through Mother Space and have it get to where it is going. That
is what your star ships do because there is a lot of information about
their hyperspace travel available. That is not the case here. We are in a
slightly different fold of space then we used previously. Star is mapping
it and deciding if we are truly on course. It is what a star runner does.
Because this territory is new, it requires concentration. Star does not
need to give its undivided attention to monitoring. I can do a lot of it
myself, but Star does need to sample Mother Space regularly. This means
sleep periods need to be shortened and scheduled more frequently."
"I see," I said. I thought about our lovemaking. Had Star's attention
wandered? I did not think so, but maybe Star could dip more deeply into
hyperspace monitoring mode when I was caressing it. After all, Christabel
was superimposing a sexual program over my input for the full experience
since the ungendered could not fully experience sex on their own.
"But none of this addresses your issue as I understand it," Christabel
said.
"No," I said. "Here's what I've got so far:
I love Star. I love Star with a passion that is not rational in any way.
I love Tara Lee. The passion is there, but not as great. I can think of
Star's way of doing things when I'm with her. The truth is, I don't think
of her when I'm with Star.
I don't think there is a future wit Star. There's passion but not
necessarily a lifelong partnership.
I don't know if there is a lifelong partnership with Tara Lee. She thinks
so, but I'm not sure.
I think it is wrong to be with both of them but I want to be with both of
them.
"That basically sums it up," I finished.
"Have you talked with either of them about this?" Christabel asked.
"Tara Lee gave me an ultimatum," I said. "She wants me to choose once and
for all."
"And can you do that?" Christabel asked.
"Apparently not," I said.
"That is not an answer," Christabel said.
"It is all I can say," I said.
"When you can say more, just let me know," Christabel said. "I am always
here."
The intercom shut off. I knew the sound was unnecessary but Christabel
wanted to indicate the channel was not open though I was certain she
continued to listen.
"Ronnie," Tamara called. "Are you here? May I talk with you?"
"Here," I said. I had not spoken to Tamara since we came aboard.
She flopped down near me.
"Star said you were troubled about something," Tamara said, getting to the
point. "Star doesn't know what it is but Star is worried about you. We both
know you don't like space travel. We were wondering if there is anything I
can do to help. Star is pretty busy with the run."
Despite my melancholy and self-loathing, I laughed out loud.
"What's so funny?" Tamara asked.
"You two," I said. "You are always conspiring together. It's cute."
Tamara frowned. "Star is my friend," she said.
"That is the exact tone of voice Star uses," I said. "I wonder who taught
it to whom."
Tamara laughed, too.
"You're right," she said.
"No, I'm okay with the space travel," I said. "We haven't been here very
long and we have a destination with an estimated time of arrival. I'll be
okay."
"Then what's wrong?" Tamara asked. "I know you're back with Star and Star
is very happy about that. Aren't you happy with it?"
I was not sure if it referred to Star or being back together.
"I'm very happy with Star," I said, wondering what Star had shared with
Tamara. Star could be indiscreet.
"It's just that -- I'm in a relationship with Tara Lee O'Rourke, from
Alexandria Space Station."
"And you feel like you're cheating on her," Tamara said, grasping the
situation immediately.
"Yes," I said, "but we're not even engaged."
"I see," Tamara said.
We were quiet. Neither of us knew quite what to say next.
"Ronnie," Tamara said, "have you noticed any changes in Star since the
software upgrade?"
"I'm not sure," I said. "Star seems to be more subdued, but Christabel said
Star was concentrating on the run. Maybe that's it."
"So you've noticed it, too," Tamara said. "It almost feels like Star is
more grown up, but I don't think that is really the case." Tamara giggled.
"Star has grown up some. When I met Star for the first time, Star thought
it was some big shot pirate, but really Star was just a big kid who said
and did goofy things. When Prudence Wu told me she assigned her
guardianship to Star, I laughed in her face. I should have been Star's
guardian."
"I've always thought you two kind of grew up together," I said.
"Yeah, that was kind of how it was."
"Like Josh and me," I said.
"Right," Tamara says. "He really likes you."
"He's a guy," I said.
"Yeah," Tamara said. "He and Juliet are spending a lot of time together.
That's good. She needs someone steady like Josh. They're helping each other
not be terrified of Mother Space."
Tamara used the Pantheran term. Well, she would having spent so mulch time
with Star.
"I guess I'm not being a very good friend to him," I said, "if he's that
scared."
"I think they're only scared if they are alone," Tamara said. "I don't
think either one wants to admit they're scared."
"But you came to the Pharaoh Star System in hyperspace," I said.
"But that was different," Tamara said. "We were on a passenger liner with
lots of activities. There is no structure here and we're going somewhere no
one else has explored before, that we know of. We're playing a hunch."
"I think the difference about Star is that Star is very serious about this
business," I said.
"And I don't think Star has fully recovered from its experience in the
other galactic arm," Tamara said. "There were some really bad times. Star
wants to go back there, to a place called Half Moon Space Station."
"Star has talked about that place," I said. "Do you know how far away it
is?"
"Far enough," Tamara said. "Star thought there might be a more direct route
to the Northern Frontier."
"Then Star would be gone for some time," I said.
"Yes," Tamara said.
"And I'd be alone because I know I would not like to spend months in Mother
Space."
"Now I understand your difficulty," Tamara said."It's not the same as Star
and me. We're friends, not lovers, but sometimes the gaps between visits
seem very long."
"You are more like bffs or brother and sister," I said.
"Like that," Tamara said. "When Star and you are getting along, it makes a
big difference in Star's outlook. It's like Star is a real person with
dreams and plans beyond the next run."
That shocked me. I always thought Star had a master plan.
"Not really," Tamara said. "Star is a runner and cannot think of living any
other way. In fact, I'm not sure Star can live any other way."
"Thank you, Tamara," I said, touching the other woman's hand. "You've
helped me enormously."
"You're welcome," Tamara said, "but I didn't think I did anything."
"You talked to me about Star," I said, "because you know Star best."
"I don't know Star the way you do," Tamara said.
"Star hasn't told you?" I asked. I could hardly believe that.
Tamara blushed.
I grinned at her. \
"I thought so," I said. "Star has no boundaries. Even a software upgrade
hasn't changed that."
"No, it hasn't," Tamara said.
Then she grinned at me and it was a devilish grin.
"So how is it with Star?" she asked. "I only have one side of the
description."
I was shocked, then I sat down again.
"Do you really want to know?" I asked.
"You bet I do," Tamara said.
So I told her.

1 Author's Note

The above scene needs to be changed to be called something like In the
Cargo Hold

2 Scene 2. 
