# I Talk with Captain Star Runner #


3 Author's Note

For real this time.
Christabel was just finishing Star's biological maintenance: feeding,
elimination, muscle toning and flexibility. Star's biological systems were
tuned to a set of stringent parameters. Star was at peak physical,
emotional and mental levels. Pantheran research on the perfect balance for
brain and physical function was impressive.
"Are you feeling better?" Star asked me.
"I need to talk with you," I said. "Is this a good time?"
"We are several hours away from extraction," Star said. "We are now in the
fold I explored so we are going over familiar Mother Space territory."
"I take it that's a yes," I said.
"Yes," Star agreed.
"I'm wondering about us being a couple again," I said.
I thought we were a couple again," Star said.
"I mean more than sex," I said.
"OK," Star said.
"I know your business elsewhere the galaxy," I said. "I'm wondering how we
will see each other if I'm based on Hypatia."
"I will need to visit you there," Star said. By Star's tone -- and Star is
not very good at this -- Star thought the answer was both obvious and
simple.
"I need to see you frequently," I said. "Can you accommodate me or will
your trips take such a long time that you will be gone for many months."
"I was gone for four years," Star said, "but much of that time I was not
traveling. I will tell you about that later. We do not have time for that
now. Christabel is editing my memories so that I can tell it to you in a
way that makes sense to you and conveys what really happened to me. When it
is done I can share it with u or you can read the transcript."
Reading a memory transcript (Note: viewing and reading, not just reading) a
memory transcript is a very eerie way of information transfer. It's like
being in someone else's head, in their body, which is where the memory
transcript comes from.
"We'll see what is best at the time," I said. "If you tell me from the
transcript, it may take longer but you can answer questions."
"I will answer," Star promised.
"You were saying you were gone for four years but not traveling most of the
time," I said.
"That's right," Star said. "I think I can find ways of travel which are
much shorter and therefore I should be with you on a regular basis. We
could have a schedule. I no you like schedules. Does that help?"
"It helps a lot," I said. "You see, Star, I've been dating someone else."
"Of course," Star said.
"She wants us to get married," I said.
Star's ears swiveled. Star was listening intently.
"I am going to say no," I said. "I love her, but I do not want to be tied
down to her alone."
"I think you do not plan on seeing her while I am away," Star said.
"That would be wrong," I said. "It would also be unfair to everyone
concerned."
"You will explain this to me?" Star asked.
"When we have time," I said. "I will answer all your questions."
"So we need time to speak with one another about important things and ask
many questions of each other," Star said.
"That's right," I said.
Sometimes dealing with Star's mind made my own thinking much clearer.
"OK," Star said. "I am happy we will be together again."
"Me, too," I said.
I put my arms around my fuchsia-colored Pantheran. Star smelled cleaned and
felt so soft. I fell asleep next to Star while Star prepared to extract the
spaceship into an unknown star system.

13 Chapter Eighteen
