# What Lies Beyond the Jump Gate #


1 Author's Note

I think I have the chapters mis numbered. And the sexy bits, I'll have to
see if they need to be in here later. They do hep the word count and fill
the pages with some entertainment.

2 Scene 1. In the Lounge of Captain Star Runner's Spaceship

We approached the extraction point. We all gathered,, bit by bit, in the
Lounge. Large screens were superimposed on the walls. They showed
hyperspace, or an impression of hyperspace. I was not sure if Christabel
just enjoyed impressionistic art. The screens showed swirls in many colors.
They appeared to have depth, to twist and turn as if they were alive. I am
not certain a human being can really see hyperspace. I wonder if a star
runner can.
Star, speaking as the captain, explained we were approaching our extraction
point. Star would need to approach it slowly and examine it carefully. Star
had not done an in depth study of the jump gate on Star's last visit here.
What Star could tell us was that the jump gate was very old and different
from any jump gate Star had ever seen or studied. It was even different,
though similar to, the jump gate we had used in the Pharaoh Star System.
Star assured everyone that would not be trapped in hyperspace. There were
nearby extraction points. We did not want to use these because nearby
extraction points in hyperspace were not nearby in normal space. Star had
also noted many extraction points en route we could use if necessary. Star
also reminded us that Star had the most up-to-date star charts available.
"I would love to lay my hands on Star's star charts," Gyllian said, sitting
down next to me. "I don't know where Star gets them, but I know they are
extensive."
Gyllian was tense. So was Tamara sitting on the other side of me. Josh and
Juliet sat close together. The Czarina and Captain Kidd watched the screens
intently as if they could see what was happening outside the spaceship.
Gyllian fidgeted, twisting her hands and tugging on her fingers.
"I hope Star can open the jump gate," she confided to Tamara and me. "I'm
not sure if we can calculate where it opens otherwise."
"We can't," Tamara said. "I think Star would have a good idea where to look
for it on the other side."
"But that could take weeks or months," Gyllian spoke quietly. "We don't
have the supplies to wait. Besides, cabin fever is already setting in."
"Agreed," Tamara said. "This ride is comfortable but it is not set up to
accommodate this many people and entertain them. Star has not set up any of
the entertainment databases since Star got this ride."
"I would like to know more about this ride and the people who gave it to
him," Gyllian whispered back. "Star as been quite evasive."
Interesting, I thought. Star promised me a memory transcript or summary.

3 Author's Note

A glossary on terms used in this series and in Star Runner's own series
would be a great help to the writer.

4 back to the action

My link signaled. At the exact same time, Gyllian and Tamara received link
signals. WE stared at the text.

I have ascertained how to open the jump gate. However, there seems to be an
extra mechanism inside it. Our analysis, which has been cursory and ninety-
four per cent reliable, suggests the extraction point will lock behind us.
This means we cannot immediately go back through it. We are not certain
what its reset value is. It could be seconds, minutes, days or even weeks,
months or years. Do you want to proceed? *

I stared at my link. I had never heard of a jump gate which locked behind
you. Well, there is always a first time for everything.
Gyllian swore. Tamara bit her lip.
"You're in charge of this operation," Gyllian said to Tamara.
"I'm just the archaeologist," Tamara said. "You're the military person."
"X-military person," Gyllian corrected her.
Tamara sniffed. "Officially, X-military," she said,"but that's not real."
"What's your gut feeling?" Gyllian asked Tamara.
"These people were running from their enemies," Tamara said. "I think they
wanted to be certain no one followed them unless they wanted them to. If
someone is on the other side of that jump gate, they may have the key to
reopen the jump gate for us."
"That sounds like a big qualification," Gyllian said. "They could be
hostile. They could be dead. They could have misplaced the key."
"All possibilities," Tamara said.
They both turned to me simultaneously. "What do you think, Ronnie?"
I wanted to say: Leave me out of this. I'm just an innocent bystander. I'm
not involved. But of course, I was a member of the team. I was involved.
They were asking me a gut question. Do you go through a closed door. As a
police officer, I had to decide that question over and over again.
"I think we go through," I said. "I think you find out what is on the other
side of the jump gate."
Tamara said, "I agree."
Gyllian frowned. She had no intelligence to tell her what would happen
next.
"I'm in," she said finally.
Tamara tapped her link. Her message appeared on my link.

We understand the risks. Proceed. T


Acknowledged. *

The spaceship suddenly lurched. All the screens changed to the blackness of
space. Quickly a star scape appeared. It rotated slowly, giving us a
panoramic view. On another screen Star showed us we were in relationship to
the Pharaoh Star System, the Solar League planets and the Southern
Frontier. We were a very long way away -- a thousand light years, ten
thousand? Star put up no scale. That was probably wise.

Scanning. We are near several star systems with stars that have planets and
the conditions to support human life. *

Tamara got to her feet. The room quieted.
"We are through the jump gate as you can see," Tamara said. "We near not in
a particular star system. Three nearby systems are potentially inhabitable.
Star, please display them."
The star scape and the location representations disappeared. Three star
systems were displayed on three different screens.
"I believe the middle screen shows the most favorable star system." Star's
voice came over the intercom. "From this distance there are no indications
of settlement -- space traffic for example -- but we may not be seeing it
at this location."
"Let's go there, Star," Tamara said.
"Acknowledged," Star replied.
The star scape reappeared and the two star systems not chosen disappeared.
"How long will it take?" Tamara asked.
"Fourteen hours, a little bit more," Star said. "We are proceeding as
quickly as possible."
"Good," Tamara replied.
There was nothing more to do but wait.
It was during the wee hours of the morning when we went through the jump
gate. Those who were sleeping had gotten out of bed to watch. Now many
people exited the lounge to go back to sleep or whatever else they were
doing. Fourteen hours was a long time to wait. But Gyllian, Tamara, The
Czarina and Captain Kidd and I stayed in our place. Josh and Juliet left
with their apologies. I do not think Tamara was pleased that Juliet left.
Finding a civilization that originated in the Solar League would be a great
achievement and might even answer some questions as well as posing many
more.
"I have something," Star said softly over the intercom. A panel near the
lounge door indicated the intercom was only active in this room.
"What?" I asked. The others seemed to be napping but with Star's voice,
were showing signs of coming to full consciousness.
Star displayed a long range picture. It meant nothing to me.
"Explain," I said.
"This is a sensory display," Star explained. "One of my upgrades makes it
possible for me to sense activity in hyperspace while I am in normal space.
It can be annoying. There is a way to dampen it or even negate it, but
Christabel and I made sure it was operating on high alert. There is a lot
of activity. I think it is centered on this jump gate."
A blinking light appeared on the display of the star system.
"When we get a little closer, in about an hour and a half, we'll be able to
see vehicles near that jump gate."
We waited. captain Kidd fetched coffee and tea. Tamara fixed cinnamon toast
for all of us.
"Yes, I was right," Star announced with triumph.
Spaceships appeared by the blinking light jump gate. They were older
designs consistent with the period of history Tamara was studying.
"Can you signal them?" Tamara asked.
"Do you have a message to send?" Star asked.
This time Tamara swore. "Get me my historian. She needs to write the
message."
"Acknowledged."
A few minutes later Josh and Juliet, looking sleepy, arrived.
"We need a message to send to a spaceship that looks like an historically
accurate one from the Second Space Expansion," Tamara said. "Captain Star
Runner is waiting to send it."
"I--" Juliet began, then stared at the spaceship.
"Is that real?" she asked.
"Yes," Tamara said. "It just exited a jump gate and is moving deeper into
the star system. So are we. The message, please."
"I'll need my tablet," Juliet said.
"Then get it," Tamara said, having difficult keeping her temper in check.
Juliet hurried away.
"This is so cool," Josh said, making himself comfortable and pouring
himself some coffee and taking a piece of toast. "It's like going back in
history."
Tamara shrugged. She was very tense. So was I. Gyllian kept staring at the
screens. When would someone hail us?
"Why aren't they signaling us?" Captain Kidd asked.
"I suspect our sensors are better than theirs," Gyllian said. "They can't
see us yet."
Juliet returned with her tablet and worked quickly to transcribe a message.
"We come from the Pharaoh Star System." Star would include a map. "We come
through your jump gate." Star would include its coordinates."We are an
archaeological expedition. We have found the facility on Hypatia." Another
sketch would be attached. "we would like to talk with someone who could
tell us who you are and why you came here."
We did not put: We come in peace. If they started shooting, we would just
leave.
Star transmitted the message. We waited.

Pharaoh Star System ship: Who do you represent?

Tamara frowned.
"Tell them in detail," I said. "We are a mixed group of people. If we want
to get an;where with them, we have to be up front.
Tamara nodded.

We are a collection of people. We have private citizens from Hypatia,
archaeologists and other scientists from the University of the Gifted Mind
in the Northern Frontier, a representative of the Consortium of Planets
from the Northern Frontier, a pirate from the League of Hypatian Pirates
and an independent star runner not associated with Panthera.


We will transmit your request to the authorities. Please stand by.

We continued to make forward progress. We wanted to see more of this star
system. We waited impatiently for a response.
Finally the message we were waiting for came in.

Welcome to the New Earth Confederation.

We cheered.
"I can't wait to do some interviews," The Czarina said. "This will be quite
a story."
And it was. But more on that later.

14 Chapter Nineteen 
