# Epilogue #


1 Private Investigator Ronnie Camberwell's Private Notes

The Confederates as they liked to be called were very suspicious of Captain
Star Runner at first. Star provided copies of Star's adventures, both
published and unpublished. This helped. Star made a survey of the star
systems of the Confederacy of Planets and located a position for a jump
gate. It surprised us all that the Confederates could construct one. Star
provided hyperspace navigation as well. Knowing Captain Star Runner, these
services were not free, but knowing Gyllian, an arrangement was made. After
their initial shock, the archaeological expedition settled in for an in-
depth study. The Czarina and Captain Kidd stayed, too. Captain Kidd
represented the League of Hypatian Pirates and went into negotiations. The
Czarina saw an opportunity to ingratiate herself into many potential
sources for information.
What we learned in the Confederacy would be highly confidential for some
time. The implications of putting the Confederacy on the western galactic
arm's map needed to be considered. Gyllian wanted to set up trade talks. It
would benefit both the Confederacy and the Northern Frontier to exchange
goods, services, ideas and people. Their first task was to study the effect
on relations with the Pantherans. I pointed out they needed to get the
Fungusian Network into their discussions since as soon as Star's backups
were taken, the Fungusian Network would be aware of the Confederacy. This
was done and ways of protecting themselves against unwarranted Pantheran
investigation were opened.
In time Gyllian, Josh and I left the Confederation aboard Star's spaceship.
Josh bid Juliet a tearful farewell, promising to return soon. His skills
were badly needed in the Confederacy and his established contact with the
Fungusian Network made him almost indispensable. He needed to decide what
to do with his security company in Ptolemy City.
Star found a quick and easy way to travel to the Northern Frontier through
Mother Space and we dropped Gyllian off. Then we turned for home.
I spent time with Star. We did a lot of talking. Star also spent more time
away from the runner's area, going back to adjust its biological systems
and to integrate more closely with ship operations. Being away from the
runner's area meant a more normal -- at least for me -- interaction. It
felt more like being at home.
I spent time with Josh, talking about is future and thinking of my ow.
I spent more time with my own thoughts. I would have to see Tara Lee. What
would I say to her?
Star provided Gyllian with a neural net connection to the Ministry of
Defense. This meant Star and Christabel had access to the transmissions.
Gyllian did not bother to encrypt them to make it difficult for Star to
read her dispatches. We basically knew everything she was sharing anyway.
What we were interested in was the responses. What had happened in the
Pharaoh Star System after we left?
The Pantherans totally obliterated the big dig. Ptolemy City was not
affected. My new villa sustained significant damage. The dome was self-
healing so it was able to re-establish its integrity.
The Pantherans tried unsuccessfully to open the insertion point Star had
used. They tried to destroy it. The jump gate survived but no one knew if
it could be opened.
One of the Pantheran warships docked at the Alexandria Space Station. They
questioned both the woman we met in the coffee shop and Tara Lee, but they
could provide no specifics. The Pantheran presence there was disruptive and
the Pantherans made no friends while they were in port. They left quite
huffily. The League of Hypatian Pirates and many of the Rich and Famous
filed a protest through the Solar League to the Assembly of Planets. As yet
there had been no response. No one aboard Star's ship was surprised by
this.
Star docked at the Alexandria Space Station. When I commented on this, Star
said, "Colonel Gyllian Romeres Lujo insisted I do so." That meant she paid
the fees. I was glad as it meant we did not have to take a shuttle craft
from Over the Moon Spaceport to the Alexandria Space Station.
It was time for Star and me to bid each other a tearful good-bye. Star was
off to Half Moon Space Station. From there Star would go to the Confederacy
of Planets and then back here to Hypatia. It would be months before I saw
Star again. We agreed to a schedule for exchanging messages. If I had an
opportunity to return to the Confederacy and I decided that was what I
wanted to do, Star could meet me there sooner.
"I love you," I said.
"I love you, too," Star said.
With a final kiss, I left Star at the Ride's lock and hurried into the
space station.

2 Scene 1: 
