# I Speak with Tara Lee #

I had sent Tara Lee a message that I wanted to see her as soon as we
entered normal space in the Pharaoh Star System. She gave me a time and
place. Star traveled slowly from the extraction point to the station so
that I would not have to hang around waiting for our meeting. Josh was
gracious enough to agree to this plan of action.
I walked through the busy corridors to a particular coffee shop. I arrived
precisely on time. I looked around. Tara Lee was not there.
She was late. I was finishing my first pot of tea when she arrived.
As usual, she was exquisitely dressed. I wondered if her tardiness was due
to primping or whether she was just making me wait. I could not tell from
the expression on her face.
"Hey," she said when she sat down. "It's been a long time. You're looking
good for a person who has spent a long time in space."
"I've spent a lot of time planet side as well," I said, looking at her. She
was a beautiful woman. I could not help but notice what she showed above
her low cut blouse. She could still take my breath away. She smiled when
she noticed.
I did not say anything about the Pantherans or her memory wipe. I had not
caused either. I was doing my job. She did hers. I was thankful to Josh for
figuring that out.
"I came to say good-bye," I said. Make it short. Make it to the point.
"Good-bye?" Tara Lee was stunned.
"You said I had to make a decision," I said, "if I was over Captain Star
Runner."
"That's right," Tara Lee said, getting herself under control.
"I'm not," I said. "In fact, we're trying to get back together again."
I saw the flush creep up her neck.
"You prefer one of them to me?" she demanded.
"I prefer this particular individual," I said. "To be honest, I want you
both, but that would not be right."
"No, it wouldn't," Tara Lee said and I saw the anger in her eyes. "You
disgust me," she said, standing up quickly. "How you can even consider a
relationship with those arrogant beings I can't say. I thought you were a
decent person, but I see I was wrong."
Before she turned and dashed out of the shop, I saw the tears in her eyes.
Breaking up is never easy. I felt very ashamed and nasty.
"You tried to do the right thing," Josh said, sitting down across from me.
I wondered where he had been hiding. "Don't feel bad." He reached across
and touched my large rough hand. I did need to do something with my nails.
His hand was beautifully manicured. No wondered Juliet's was smitten with
him. He was gentle and kind and considerate. I wondered what Christabel
would tell me if I was in a neural net with her at the moment. What sort of
drugs would she be pumping into my system?
"You made a decision," Josh said. "You know where your heart is. Can you
really love a person like that?"
"She was just upset," I said, the excuse ready to hand.
"Pantherans are arrogant," Josh agreed, "but Captain Star Runner works well
with human beings."
"Star is just as arrogant," I said.
"But not in an obnoxious way," Josh said.
I smiled despite my low opinion of myself. "You don't know Star very well
yet," I said. "Despite everything that has happened, Star still considers
The Race superior. I guess they had a pretty hard time of it," I said.
"I'm sure they did," Josh said. "I think the League of Hypatian Pirates and
the Rich and Famous are talking about armed paroles. I think there is
already several ships out there. I'm surprised they didn't sop our ship."
"I'm sure Captain Kidd gave Star both messages and a code," I said. "Star
plans on contacting the League on its own behalf."
"Captain Kidd gave me a neural net letter of introduction, too," Josh said.
"So you'll work with them?" I asked.
"We'll see. I need to make some arrangements with my office here," Josh
said. "I want to set up an office in the--" He looked around "at the other
place," he said very quietly. "And you?"
"I guess there's nothing much keeping me here any more," I said. "I think
being out of the Pharaoh Star System for a time would be a good thing."
Josh squeezed my hand.
"Good girl," he said. "We'll travel together back there?"
I smiled.
"Yes, I'd like that, old friend," I said.
"Then let's get aboard the next shuttle to Ptolemy City," Josh said.
"You're on," I said.
We left the coffee shop and made our way to the departure area. The next
few moths would be both busy and interesting. More adventures await.

The End
