# Ultimatum #

Tara LeeHarris and I sat opposite each other in the far back corner of
the Elwood Street Diner. We were eating an early breakfast. Tara Lee would
be leaving soon to go to the Pharos Lighthouse Spaceport to return to the
Alexandria Space Station and her position as Security Chief there. Tara Lee
and I had been dating for nearly a year. She was definitely the most
beautiful woman I had ever been with. Where I am large and awkward, Tara
Lee is small and graceful. I always feel like an ox next to her while Tara
Lee is more like a colorfully plumed bird with a lovely song and an
effortless flight high in the sky. At least, that is how I imagine birds
are. We do not have songbirds in Ptolemy City.

At first, being with Tara Lee was a breathtaking experience. Outside of
work, she dressed in exquisite clothes, suggested we go to the hot spots in
the city and eat at the popular restaurants. We shopped at all the high-end
stores for suitable attire for me. I evenbought  the latest footwear with innumerable straps and glitter. It was
exciting. I've always been a wall flower, having quiet relationships, going
out some and spending long hours in quiet company. Now I was, as Tara Lee
said, I was tripping the lights fantastic. And if you are wondering, the
sex was very good, too.

But of late I was missing the quieter, more relaxed, less glitzier aspects
of my life. This was why Tara Lee and I were having breakfast in the Elwood
Street Diner.
The restaurant is in a working class neighborhood where the servant class
lives and shops. There is no robo service. Theresa takes your order behind
a counter and cooks it herself, too. She often delivers your meal to your
table herself.

I know Tara Lee looked at the Elwood Diner askance. I almost wondered if
she would refuse to eat the food but she ordered a hearty breakfast of
eggs, fruit and oatmeal. I, on the other hand, was being less successful
putting away my cinnamon French toast stuffed with strawberries. A tension
had been building between us for the duration of the visit and I did not
know what to do to lessen it.

"You seem very distracted," Tara Lee said, reaching for a napkin. I
wondered how soon it would be before she reapplied her lipstick, a trendy
shade of light blue. I could not recall the exact shade.

"I'm not distracted," I lied. I did not want to get into a discussion about
our relationship this late time in our visit.

Tara Lee shook her head. "You don't lie very well," she said.

"I've been offered a new job," I replied. I did not intend to share
anything about my work with Tara Lee. Because she is a security officer and
I am a professional private investigator, we rarely can or should talk
about our work with each other.

"And something is bothering you about it," Tara Lee observed.

"It's not the job so much," I said, though the truth was I did not know a
great deal about the exact nature of the job, "it's the people I'd be
working for."

"And why is that?" Tara Lee asked. "You can work for anyone connected with
the League of Hypatian Pirates or the Rich and Famous without difficulty."

"That's not it," I said. "These people are friends of Captain Star Runner.
I don't know how I feel about that."

Tara Lee made a grotesque face at the mention of Captain Star Runner's
name. Star was my previous lover. I did not know previously how much Tara
Lee disliked hearing Star's name.

"I suppose these are human friends," she said after she regained control of
her expression of disgust.

"Of course," I said. There was no point in explaining Star only had human
friends. A company in the Featherote Charm built Star's spaceships. The
Fungusian Network designed, built and maintained the artificial
intelligence which maintained Star's biological balance and shared
operational control of the spaceship.

"And the job?" Tara Lee prompted.

I spread my hands. "I can't say and besides, I don't exactly know. I
haven't accepted it."

"They're asking you to take a job without telling you what it's about?"

"That's about right," I said.

"And you would seriously consider signing a contract on that basis?"

Put that way, it did sound preposterous. But Colonel Gyllian Romeres Lujo
was counting on our history and maybe more important, her history with
Captain Star Runner, to persuade me she was dealing in good faith.

I sighed. "They're good people," I said. "I thin I can trust them."

"Let me get this straight," Tara Lee said, leaning forward. I saw the
interrogator in her posture and tone of voice. "You're willing to take on a
job for friends of your former lover who, by the way, is more concerned
about their business opportunities than their lover. These friends are more
concerned with their own concerns than with yours. Why would you work for
such people."

I wanted to object. I wanted to explain. I wanted to say how much at fault
for the breakdown between Star and me I was. I knew it was pointless. Tara
Lee would not understand and perhaps she would even be right to point out
the number of times I would be forced to say, "Yes, but."

"I'd like to do this job," I heard myself say. "I'd like to get to know
some of the players better."

"And why is that?" Tara Lee demanded.

Her tone was sharp. I suddenly realized I was seeing jealousy. Tara Lee
wanted to keep me away from these people, away from Captain Star Runner's
people. Was her anger really insecurity? Did she fear my relationship with
Captain Star Runner--my former relationship with Captain Star Runner, I
corrected myself.

"This isn't about the job, is it?" I asked, holding on tightly to my now
lukewarm cup of tea.

"Heck no," Tara Lee said with a bit more heat than I thought her response
deserved. "You take any job you want. You get burned any way you want.
You're a free agent. But if you're going to be my lover, I want to know you
are entirely mine."

I set the mug down very, very carefully. We had not even discussed
monogamy. Now Tara Lee was demanding exclusivity.

"I'm not sure," I began, but Tara Lee cut me off.

"That's the problem with you," she said. "You're not sure. You always hold
something back. You're never altogether with me in or out of bed. No matter
what I do or what I say or don't do or don't say you're only partly there.
You're somewhere else. I think you're with them, thinking about them,
thinking about what they would say or what they would be doing in this or that
situation. Veronica Camberwell, don't you get it? Don't you understand I
have never wanted anyone the way I want you? Don't you understand I would
give up everything to be with you? Have you ever considered I want to marry
you and spend the rest of my life with you?"

By the end of this tirade, Tara Lee was shaking. I was speechless. I
always imagined I was Tara Lee's lover for a season. I always expected her
to move on to someone else, a woman with more potential, more beauty, more
smarts, more prestige, more power, more glamor. I absolutely was unprepared
for this declaration.

"And there you sit, not saying a word," Tara Lee said. I heard the catch in
her throat. "Don't you understand I love you?"

Before I could answer, Tara Lee stood up, grabbed her bag and turned to
leave. Without looking at me she said, "You're going to have to decide,
Ronnie Camberwell, if you love me or you love your alien Captain Star
Runner. When you decide, let me know and I'll meet you here at this crummy
diner."

She left the restaurant without a backwards glance. I sat frozen
at the table.

I did not dare look around the restaurant. It was quite a scene and that
last final jab against my diner. I just sat there.

"Your tea is cold," Theresa said in her booming voice. "I've brought you a
fresh pot of hot." She set the steaming teapot down in front of me with an
empty mug. She picked up the cold teapot and untouched mug of cold tea.

"Woman troubles are the worst kind," she said as she turned to go back to
the kitchen. "But you're a strong woman, Ronnie Camberwell. You'll figure
it out. And finish your French toast."

I ate mechanically. The stuffed French toast was one of Theresa's
specialties. It still was excellent.
Then I sipped my tea. There was no rush. I could sit here until the diner
got busy at lunchtime.

No, I would not think about Tara Lee. Her rage, her emotional outburst, her
declaration of love and marriage proposal shocked me. I would not think of
them now. I needed to decide what I was going to do about Colonel Gyllian
Romeres Lujo's offer.
