##In  General Lincoln's Office

Gyllian walked up the corridor in the Ministry of Defense. The
corridor had the nickname General's Row. She hoped one day to have an
office here, but that had not happened yet. She always wondered why.
She had already done some amazing things: outsmarted , negotiated the
Pantheran military, worked with the Republic of Space, encountered
the frog people, unmasked agents working against the Alliance ofWorlds, made sense of the toxic site known as the Landscape of Thorns
and followed the trail of human beings missing since the War of the
Second Expansion not to mention much more mundane work in the field of
intelligence.

Today she was going to a conference with General Lincoln. She did not
know the nature of the conference. She hoped it would mean her
promotion from Colonel to General.

She opened the door to the conference room. Despite all the advances
of human beings over many millennia in the exploration of space and
the settlement of a large part of the galaxy, conference rooms
continued to look much the same, table and chairs with viewing screens
built into the table. Maybe the same design was because human beings
continued to be designed in the same way. The uncanny valley made sure
that human beings could not differ much in looks from themselves and
still look normal. The Institute of Genetic Design knew that, too. The
ungendered Pantherans used to perform most tasks looked more or less
like gendered ones Gyllian was told. Anything else would be too weird
to contemplate.

"Please sit down, Colonel," General Lincoln said, not rising from his
position on the other side of the table.

Gyllian sat and waited for General Lincoln to speak.

"We have been considering your report about the Confederation of Three
Planets. It was quite a surprise to learn that human civilization
exists in an unsettled area of the western spiral galactic arm.
Although it is quite some actual distance from Coalition space and the
areas settled outside Coalition space, we wondered why there is not
much colonization going on out there."

The general paused to see if Gyllian wanted to make a comment. The
comment Gyllian wanted to make was, What took you so long to read the
report? She decided this would be seen as impudent on her part and so
she said, "I do not know why precisely, but one possibility, and it is
only speculation on my part, is that another race once occupied that
area and is no longer there as far as we know. our encounter with
Prince hat suggests there might have been other races who have
succumbed to the pressures of time."

"A most curious business," the general said, dismissing the topic.
"The point is, Colonel Romeres Lujo, the Alliance of Three Planets
exists. We want you to formulate a plan to bring them into an alliance
with the rest of humanity. I am sending you the particulars of the
mission now. Assemble your team and report back when you have achieved
this objective. My staff is available if you have any questions. That
will be all."

And there she was, descending in the elevator tube to her office.
Definitely no promotion. She was clever and adventurous, but she still
would not be given a chance to move into the inner circle. She was a
rogue, good at solving a certain kind of puzzle that needed solving,
but not the sort of person the higher ups wanted around, making
decisions for the Alliance as a whole. They would tout her successes
to make the ministry look forward thinking and creative, but when it
came to actually defending their interests, the Ministry of Defense
was happy to send her off on a wild goose chase.

Her secretary smiled at her when she entered the office.

"Everything go well upstairs?" he asked, fishing for details.

"A new mission," Gyllian replied. "I will let you know what you need
to do to set it up."

Sam was crestfallen. He hoped she would get the call to General's Row,
too, because she would take him with her. She and Sam had been
together since she rated a secretary.

"Reports are in your queue," Sam added.

Gyllian went into her office and read quickly through the additional
reports, checking some off, sending others back with comments,
assigning new work. She was putting off looking at the new assignment
General Lincoln had given her. Something told her it would be
problematic.

When her desk was clean, figuratively speaking, she opened the file.
It was worse than she had feared.


