## The Confederation of Three Planets

Captain Star Runner met Gyllian at the Rock Island Line Diner on Grand
Central Station. It was good to be back together again eating at the
diner. Captain Star Runner already had a plate of his favorite foods
in front of him. His AI Christabel scolded him for eating these rich
foods because she had to adjust his biochemistry after he ate, but
Captain Star Runner delighted in macaroni and cheese with chocolate
chip cookies and tapioca pudding with whipped cream It was an odd
meal, but everyone at the Rock Island Line Diner knew how much he
loved it. Captain Star Runner came into the diner often enough that
the sight of a fuchsia-colored Pantheran did not upset anyone. They
knew he was a regular spacer who dropped in when his routes allowed
it. He was, in a real sense, their Pantheran Gyllian thought as she
sat down across from him. That made all the difference in the western
spiral galactic arm. Captain Star Runner was not threatening. He was
known and judged to be no different than any other independent
operator running his ship to make deliveries thought the Alliance of
Planets and beyond. He was reliable and did not ask questions about
his cargo. Smugglers and legitimate businesses were willing to pay a
high price for Captain Star Runner's services. Being a Pantheran, he
could withstand higher G-forces than humans could and he could insert
and extract from hyperspace without a jump gate. That meant he could
move through hyperspace faster and therefore get goods to where they
were going quicker than anyone else. His limitation was that he
refused to enter Coalition space, but making a regular run to Three
Ravens on the Southern Frontier was no problem at all.

"Are we ready to go?" Gyllian asked.

"I have all the items you requested on board," Captain Star Runner
replied. "Christabel has put together an order for comestibles that
will satisfy you and the Terries we know in the Confederation of
Planets. Based on the outline you sent me, I am concerned that you do
not have a role for Private Investigator Ronnie Camberwell. I wonder
if you are intentionally leaving her out of your plans."

That was a bold speech for Captain Star Runner, Gyllian thought. He
did not usually confront her like this. Gyllian suspected Captain Star
Runner and Christabel, the AI, had discussed the situation. Christabel
had written this speech and prompted Star Runner to make it. It was a
fair question. She needed to allay his fears. Star Runner was very
protective of those he cared about. Fortunately, he cared about
everyone he knew in the Confederation of Three Planets which would
make him a reliable pilot.

"I do not have a role in mind for her at this time," Gyllian said,
"but rest assured if I need her I will call upon her investigative
skills."

"She does have good skills," Captain Star Runner insisted.

Gyllian was not altogether sure about that. Ronnie had disappointed
her in the matter of the Landscape of Thorns though she had been very
useful to Tamara at The Big Dig.

"You are very loyal," Gyllian told the fuchsia-colored Pantheran.
"That is a great virtue."

Captain Star Runner was pleased. Gyllian saw he did not recognize she
had skirted his issue. She wondered if she had fooled Christabel. The
AI was very protective of her charge. The Fungusian Network which had
designed her was far more discerning than Star Runner was.

When they were finished eating, they went aboard Captain Star Runner's
ship and traveled to the Confederation of Three Planets.
:::{note}
The ship definitely needs a name. I need to review the initial
encounter when Captain Star Runner and company first meet the
Confederation of Three Planets. I also need to review the disposition
of the company at the end of The Big Dig.
:::
---

Captain Star Runner collected messages when they arrived in the star
system.

---
:::{note}
The star system needs a name, too.
:::
---

There was one from Eberhard.

>  Gyllie, there is talk that the Pantherans are looking for
>  extraction points in your sector. I do not know why or anything
>  else. The chatter comes from reliable sources.

---
:::{note}
This sector of space needs to be located relative to the other areas
touching the Coalition.
:::
---

Later Gyllian would realize this information was disinformation put
out by the Pantheran Empire. They already knew where the Confederation
of Three Planets was, how to access it and they had left messages
there for many years. The time was not right for them to act on the
knowledge they had.

---

"This extraction thing bothers me," Gyllian told Captain Star Runner.
"If they force the lock from the Pharaoh Star System, they can easily
overpower anyone here."

"The thing to do is to map all the insertion and extraction points,"
Captain Star Runner said. "Then we can go about locking them."

This seems like a good idea to Gyllian. An organized approach to
solving a problem satisfied her like nothing else. In the meantime,
she had to contact the Confederation of Three Planets and convince
them they needed to be concerned about an imminent threat to their
security. By formerly joining with the rest of humanity, they would
benefit by having other human beings willing to assist them if the
unthinkable happened. The Pantheran Empire had not moved against any
other race since the War of the Second Space Expansion, but Gyllian
and others in the Ministry of Defense and in The Solar League were
concerned that this state of affairs could change at any time.

---
:::{note}
I need to clarify the name of this ancient conflict and its nature.
:::
---

Many of the races in the Coalition scoffed at the human race for
having this fear. They considered them paranoid. Gyllian thought they
were naive. Even the Fungusian Network was convinced the Pantherans
would assert their hegemony soon. They believed the Pantheran Empire
would fall like so many others before them, but their estimates ranged
into the tens of thousands of years. They were well-organized and
apparently all the members of the Race from the juvenile ungendered
Pantherans to the most significant gendered ones were willing to
subsume their own personal well-being to that of the whole. Gyllian
offered wondered how Captain Star Runner had overcome that genetic
programming. Maybe it was his fuchsia coloring. Fuchsia-colored
Pantherans were known to be unique.

When they arrived in the star system, Gyllian sent out messages to The
Czarina, Captain Kidd and the Confederation of the Three Planets. She
had no way of contacting Ronnie Camberwell and besides, Gyllian had no
intention of contacting the private investigator if she did not have
to. Captain Star Runner was extremely unhappy with this state of
affairs.

"We will have to wait until we have a reason to go down to Capital
City in The Royal Province of Debussy on La Mer," Gyllian insisted.
"She is posing as a regular member of their society. We just cannot go
charging in there and expose her as a person from outside their star
system. It would put her in great danger."

"You have contacted The Czarina and Captain Kidd," Captain Star Runner
said. "Your actions could endanger them, too."

"Their situation is different," Gyllian said. If pressed, she had to
admit to herself, the difference was in her own judgment, not in their
situation, but Captain Star Runner did not press her. She wondered why
at the time.

---
:::{note}
Don't forget to go back to this at the end of the novel.
:::
---

The Confederation of Three Planets was not happy she had returned to
the star system.

"The Confederation's General Secretary wishes to advise the
representative of the Alliance of Planets and The Solar League that
this organization exists for the well-being of the three inhabitable
planets of this star system and neither has the authority or desire to
interact with governments and organizations outside its jurisdiction."

Gyllian frowned. They were far too isolationist and parochial. There
was a whole galaxy out there that could drop in at any time. She said
as much to the functionary.

"We have managed our affairs in this way for five thousand years. We
see no reason to change our conduct now."

And that was the end of the transmission. No amount of cajoling on
Gillian's part even produced a response.

While she was pondering what to do next, a transmission came from The
Czarina and Captain Kidd.

"Has anyone heard of anything about The Rebel Horde? We keep hearing
references to them but we are unable to pinpoint any specific
information about this group. It would help our research to learn more
about them."

This was the key Gyllian was looking for. This was why she had
contacted The Czarina and Captain Kidd in the first place. They were
doing research for some blog posts The Czarina hoped to write in the
future for human consumption. She made her living as a gossip
columnist. Gossip about some here-to-fore unknown worlds was just the
ticket that would boost her ratings. She had done that previously when
the most powerful person on Hypatia was indicted for corruption and
murder. She was always on the lookout for more sensational stories.
Gyllian sent another message to The Confederation of Three Planets,
asking for anyone to contact her about The Rebel Horde. She had
information to share. It was a bold move. Her information was only
that some of her operatives had encountered the term but she hoped
someone would respond. And someone did.


